>ECK125137714_aaeBp3_reverse_3388263_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caaccagcaagagaacatctggcctgcgggcaccactgctacagtggtggtcactggcaaAcaagatcgcgacgaaagcca
>ECK125137420_acpSp2_reverse_2701137_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgcgacctttgccgcaagcctcggtctgaaagttaacgccggacacggtctgacctatcAcaacgtgaaagccattgccg
>ECK125137421_acpSp3_reverse_2701162_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caagagctggcgcgtatcgccaaagccgcgacctttgccgcaagcctcggtctgaaagttAacgccggacacggtctgacc
>ECK120016719_ahpFp_forward_639002_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tagatgtccttgattaacaccaaaattaaaccttttaaaaaccaggcattcaaaaacggcGaattcatcgaaatcaccgaa
>ECK125137463_alaEp1_forward_2799070_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tattttatctacaaaaactgactaaataaaaatttttcactaattgattagtcatagccaGcgatatacgctatgcgaaaa
>ECK125137369_alaXp2_reverse_2518279_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttgcctgatttttcagcgattgaaactacacgttgcaatttgccgttgacacattcggGcggaattcatatgatgccgc
>ECK125136365_ampDp5_forward_118681_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagggttatagcggcgaggcggcatgttaaaactccagatagctaacgaatcataaggtaGaaacatgctactctgaaccg
>ECK125136491_ampGp5_reverse_453627_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatatcgccgatgcggttaacagtgtgctgaccgataccatcgctgatatgtctcaggacAccagcatccacgaattcatc
>ECK125136359_apaHp4_reverse_51293_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgcaatcattgaaaccccgctgggcaccatgcagggtcactacgaaatgatcgatgaaaAtggcgtccctttcagcatcg
>ECK125137294_apbEp1_reverse_2311594_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagttctaatctcgattgatatcgaacaaagggcctgcgggcccttttttcattgttttcAgcgtacaaactcagtttttt
>ECK125136669_aqpZp2_reverse_916212_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctaaaggattaaatcttttgcgtgcactacactgtcaatcagacaaatgactatatgggGcaacccgctgttgccctaaa
>ECK125137992_arpAp1_reverse_4222629_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acttttattaactcagcattatttttaaacatcaaaccacttaattattaacaaaatcgcAagatctcattccaccgaaac
>ECK125137076_astEp3_reverse_1827069_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgggcggtgaatccggcggtgatgatgaacgatacgctgtttaatgcgctcaatgactgGgtggatcgttactaccgcga
>ECK125136915_azoRp1_reverse_1482873_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtggcaggattgtgaataaagtgtcaacaagcaacggggcatcgcccattcaaacatctAtaaggaaacaccatgagcaa
>ECK125136916_azoRp6_reverse_1482927_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctatgcgttgttcaataaattcgaacataggcttcgatttattgcgctatctctgtggcAggattgtgaataaagtgtca
>ECK120009966_bacAp_reverse_3204175_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
aaagaaaataattaattttacagctgttaaaccaaacggttataacctggtcatacgcagTagttcggacaagcggtacat
>ECK120010006_bamAp_forward_197821_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctgctgttccttgcgatcgaaaagatcaagggcggaccggtatccgagcgggttcaagacTtttgttatcgcattggctcg
>ECK120016583_bamAp2_forward_197026_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primarytranscripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gcggaagcacaaattgcaccaggtacggaactaaaagccgtagatggtatcgaaacgcctGattgggatgccgtgcgtttg
>ECK120016567_bamBp_reverse_2638975_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
aaatacttatggtgcgctggcttctttggaacttgcgcagcaatttgttgacaaaaatgaActagagaaagctgccgccca
>ECK120009993_bamCp_reverse_2599014_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acgcgttattaatcagcgtctgatgccattacacaacaaactatttgtcgaacccaatccAatcccggtgaaatgggcatg
>ECK120010008_bamDp_forward_2736006_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctgatctaagcgttgaccgagttggttttcggacaccgttgcagtgagctgtactcgttgTgccatatatactgcttcttc
>ECK120016572_bamDp2_forward_2735961_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ttttattcgcgaacgtgaataatccgggaacatttcggccaaagcctgatctaagcgttgAccgagttggttttcggacac
>ECK120009964_bamEp_forward_2753486_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ggcgaatgcgaaagaactgcttgcagcgtaaacttttttcctgcttcacggtcagagtaaAcagcaaaacgccgtaagacc
>ECK120016566_bepAp1_forward_2616068_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
gccgttacactcaaaggcggcgcggtgggaacgatatttcacagtatcggtcaaatgactAtctccagaaatacaggatag
>ECK125135037_bhsAp_forward_1169033_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
taaaaaatatcttgtatgtgatccagatcacatctatcatttagttatcgatcgttaagtAattgcttgcgacgtcattca
>ECK125137842_bisCp4_reverse_3716415_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagattattcctgggaatactcggaaatttgtaagtaatatttaactgctcaatacatctAacctttcaggagtcttcggt
>ECK125137288_ccmHp1_reverse_2292621_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcagggcatccgcgtggtcggcatgaactataaagacgatcgccagaaggcaatcagctGgctgaaagagctgggcaatc
>ECK125137074_chbGp4_reverse_1817242_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagaatttaacgatgtgttactggcgctaaaccttagtccgttggtgcattccgatcgcgAtgctgagctgctggcacgcg
>ECK125136563_citTp4_reverse_646632_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atctcagtccaggcggcagtgctgacctactgatccttacctggtttttagcacagatttAattatttaagcacttgataa
>ECK125137207_cldp9_reverse_2098310_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcctatagcattcacgaggattatcgctaaactatgcggacttggaaatttccgtcagttAgggtaatgatgagagtagaa
>ECK120033258_clpXp_forward_457202_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
attctgaaagttaaagggcgcatgaatgaacttatggcgcttcatacgggtcaatcattaGaacagattgaacgtgatacc
>ECK125136579_cobCp7_reverse_669944_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acggtgaatcatgtgaggatttattgccggaaccggtactgacttacattaaccaacaagGcttgtatcgctgatacctgt
>ECK125137971_cpxAp1_reverse_4105101_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcatctgggtcaggtggtttcccgtgaacatttaagccaggaagtgttgggcaaacgcctGacgcctttcgaccgcgctat
>ECK125136566_crcBp4_reverse_658008_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acagatgtaacagcaaactgtcctgcggcaaccagcattgccacctcctgtcagagtcgtAaaattcgccaacgacgatta
>ECK125136734_csgGp1_reverse_1101755_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccaaccgcgatggtcaattgcagttgaacgtgacagatcgtaaaaccggacaaacctcgAccatccaggtttcgggttta
>ECK125137460_csiRp3_forward_2795471_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaattctgcgagcagaaggaagcgaaattcgcttgcgaatgtggctttatccgtggctcAcctggctagtcatcggcttt
>ECK125136998_cspFp8_forward_1641846_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaaaaaactatagctttcttcaggaacgtgtgtatagtgcgccaagttatcagtattaaGgaatttttttgtcccgtaaa
>ECK125136716_cspHp13_reverse_1051373_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggcaaacagggctttaatacagaaactacttagtgttcaggagagagactcaaaagaagGggataatgcctgataatgag
>ECK125136717_cspHp14_reverse_1051304_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctgataatgagaactgctttagtaaactactttgtatgctgtctgtctttcaaaccgacGcagctattaacgcatgataa
>ECK120034942_cyaRp_forward_2167114_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tggaaaattcttagaaaccgatcacatacagctgcatttattaaggttatcatccgtttcGctgaaaaacataacccataa
>ECK125136920_cybBp5_forward_1490761_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caactttactcatggttttctcctgtcaggaacgttcggatgaaaattgatcctttccaaGcttagaccaggatggcggga
>ECK125136674_cydCp5_reverse_929400_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaatccctgttcgctattactgttggatgaacccgctgccagccttgatgctcacagtgaAcagcgcgtaatggaggcgct
>ECK125137379_cysZp1_forward_2531383_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attaactttcacagcacaaagatagatgaaatcgtgctttttgctgttttttcgaacataTcctaactgtccattgcgcaa
>ECK125136574_dacAp2_reverse_663967_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggtagtgcatttgctatagtagggcacttttttaattccatcacggatgtcgtagttcaGaccatgaataccattttttc
>ECK125136884_dbpAp2_forward_1409338_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taagagtccacccaatgaccagagggaaatatgacgacacttatttatttgcaaattcctGtccctgaaccgattcctggc
>ECK125137803_dcrBp1_forward_3609767_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcgtagcccggatgcctttatggctgaacactggatggaaatcgcgctggtcgattactGtttcaaagtgttaatcagta
>ECK125137684_deaDp1_reverse_3307909_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaatacacctactttgagccggttcacacttttcaatgaaaattgctgatcaatttcatGatgagttatgtagactggcc
>ECK120010283_degPp_forward_180845_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttaccttttgcagaaactttagttcggaacttcaggctataaaacgaatctgaagaacaCagcaattttgcgttatctgt
>ECK120009990_dsbCp_reverse_3038834_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
accgagcgtctgcggcaacttcatcaacagcatcacccgcgggcgtgatgtctgaaaagaAcgggaagatttatgaagaaa
>ECK120016573_dsbCp2_reverse_3039633_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ggaaaaaaatctggctgaaaatacgttgaacgcttaccgtcgcgatctgtcaatgatggtGgagtggttgcatcaccgcgg
>ECK125136388_dxrp1_forward_193471_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agaactgatgcagttctgatttcttgaacgacaaaaacgccgctcagtagatccttgcggAtcggctggcggcgttttgct
>ECK125136391_dxrp5_forward_193411_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acagaaactgactgatgctgcaatcaagaaaattgaagcggcgctggcagacaaagaagcAgaactgatgcagttctgatt
>ECK125137315_elaAp4_reverse_2381686_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctgatgctgggtgccttcaccgcagtcaaacaaccaaagtccgctctgggtcggatgttGcaggttaagcaatattgccg
>ECK125136693_elfAp6_forward_997765_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgttcagttaatatttaaatattcatgaaatctataaattaaagatttgtcacttattgGatttagtatgcttgatttaa
>ECK125136696_elfDp1_forward_998321_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccatcacgccagacacagaaaccgggaacattttgttgcaggatggagatcagacgttgActtttaaagttgattatatc
>ECK125137358_emrYp1_reverse_2482334_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttctcttgatccaaaagaactcatggaacaccccttgcgtattggtttatcgatgacaGcaactattgatacgaagaac
>ECK125137730_envRp11_reverse_3413487_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataaatacacattaggtgatagattaaccttcgctattttctcactctgtgtcgaatataTttatttcctgaataattaat
>ECK125137732_envRp13_reverse_3413601_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcagaattaaaacctcgtaaattgaaatatatattgatgtagtgaatgtatcttaggtaaAtaatatatattatttattta
>ECK125108721_eptBp_reverse_3710581_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttgtgcttcatgcacactctttccccacactttttccctttgctgtggtctacttattcGcgcgtgtagattttacttat
>ECK120016711_essDp_forward_576873_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ttaattttttcatcgtgagccctttttttgaactattattaaaaaatgatgtcactgcgcGataaatattcatctaatcaa
>ECK125136709_etkp1_reverse_1044303_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caatgctgtttgggcaatggctggaacagaaagagatcccggatccctatcgtaaaagtcAggacgcatttgaacatgtct
>ECK125136494_fadMp1_forward_464360_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accctgtaattaatttgcatagtggcaattttttgccagactgaagaggtcataccagttAtgacctctgtacttataaca
>ECK125136532_fimZp3_reverse_564607_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaatggcttttgatctggttgctgaacaagtgaacgaccgcgtctgattttctgatttaTttcgctatagcggcaaacaa
>ECK120010508_fkpAp1_reverse_3477525_[IHBCE|W|Inferred by a human based on computational evidence],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gagacagcactcatttcgcggtcatcgaaactaatttaaacaaaaagagtctgaaaatagAtgataatagggcgtgtctgt
>ECK125136749_flgNp1_reverse_1129914_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacccggcagcagtgatatcaatcttgaacgtgtcgaagcgttaaaactggcgattcgtaAcggtgaactaaaaatggaca
>ECK125138032_frdDp1_reverse_4379473_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctgctgcacaccaaaacctggtttgaactggcaccgaaagcggccaatatcattgtaaaAgacgaaaaaatgggaccaga
>ECK125138033_frdDp2_reverse_4379433_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcggccaatatcattgtaaaagacgaaaaaatgggaccagagccaattatcaaaagtctcTgggcggtaactgtggttgcc
>ECK125136387_frrp6_forward_192849_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttaatcagggctatacttagcacacttccactgtgtgtgactgtctggtctgactgagAcaagttttcaaggattcgta
>ECK120016720_ftnBp_forward_1986775_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
atttcatcaatgaaatgtaaaaatatataaacttgatgatttaagcattttcttatacccGttcagacgttattcttattt
>ECK125137687_ftsHp1_reverse_3327102_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgaaggtttcgatgagtatctaagggaaattcgctccctgtttacgaaggtcaaagttcGtaagccggactcttctcgtg
>ECK125137594_ftsPp1_reverse_3162851_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgcacaacggtctggtgattgtcgaaatgctgccgccaattgacgtcagtcagtatggcAaagatcaggttcgtgagctg
>ECK125137792_ftsXp3_reverse_3602252_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttggcattgcccgcgcggtggtgaacaagcccgcggtactgctggcggacgaaccgactGgtaacctggacgacgcgctg
>ECK120010066_fusAp_reverse_3473685_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
gataaatccatggctctgcgcctggcgaacgaactttctgatgctgcagaaaacaaaggtActgcagttaagaaacgtgaa
>ECK125136969_gadCp1_reverse_1570584_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taacgtttaacggtaacggtgtcccgaaacgaacccgtttcgggacaatttccaaagtctGttcactggcattagcaacgg
>ECK125136970_gadCp5_reverse_1570527_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctgttcactggcattagcaacggaaaatattgttctgaatacgcttcagaacaaaacagGtgcggttccgacaggaatac
>ECK125136711_gfcAp1_reverse_1049834_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgttacgcaccaccccgtcagtagctgaacaggagggacagctgatagaaacagaagccActggagaacctcaaaaacac
>ECK125137779_glgXp3_reverse_3571419_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcgtgaaatcctcaataccgattccatgcactatcacggcagtaatgcaggcaatggcgGcacggtacacagcgatgaga
>ECK125137618_glnEp1_reverse_3199698_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgctattgcgaccgggcaacgcatcgaaattgaacatttccgtaatgaggcaaacaatcAggaaccgttctggttgcaca
>ECK125138010_gltPp1_forward_4294378_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagctctgttgttaaagggttgcgcaacataccgcgcaaatgatactgatcataagcgttAaaaaaatctacaaaccaacg
>ECK125138012_gltPp8_forward_4294268_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatcactaatcagtattattgcagattaaacaaataaaaatctttccataacaaatggttAttcattaatcctgccataaa
>ECK125136380_gluQp1_reverse_160143_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgcatcgactgcaaaacgctggctgaaattcgcgaaaaacagatggctggctaattacaGccgttccatcacgtttacca
>ECK125137586_gprp1_forward_3147781_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttggcggttaaacgcggcatcgttgcactcctcagttggtgtttttttaagcaaagcataAgcacgtatttttgcccagtt
>ECK125137873_gpsAp8_reverse_3783681_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccggttaacttcgatgcgctgttcatgaactatttgcagcagcaggctggcgaaggtactGaagaacatcaggatgcctga
>ECK120016577_greAp2_reverse_3328853_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ccctataaagtaaacgatgacccttcgggaacttcagggtaaaatgactatcaaaatgtgAattgtagctgacctgggact
>ECK120016717_gspAp4_reverse_3455634_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
atggaaataattcacattaaaaataatcgaccctatgcttataaatataatcaatatattGatggcagcatctttattatg
>ECK125137488_gudDp1_reverse_2919513_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctgatgcgcccggtctgggcgtggaactggactgggaacaggtacaaaaggcacatgagGcctataaacgtctgcctggc
>ECK125137414_hcaTp1_reverse_2667863_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctcgaatattcttatttttcaacttgcaccaacattcgattaaccccagactaacgcctCctgacgggagggactcatgg
>ECK120033255_hcpp2_reverse_914129_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
cgcggcgttttttaatgatctggcccgtgaactgattgctattatgttgatccctgggctGattcgccgcagccgctctac
>ECK125136666_hcrp3_reverse_912200_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcctgacaccagacctgctggcggtgctgaacgagaaattcggcctgcgttctatcaccActgttgaagaagacatgaag
>ECK125137633_higAp8_reverse_3234341_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cataaaacggagttggtggctctggggaacacgattgctaagggatatttcaaaaaacctGagtcattaaaagcagtattc
>ECK120009992_hlpAp_forward_200455_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgatgactttaggcgatcaatataagatcgccgggccacgcaaagaactgcaccctccggTgcaaatgggatggtaaggag
>ECK125137848_hokAp6_reverse_3720810_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcagcactaacgcctttaggtttgggaattaaacctttttctccatgtttttcatagaggGcaacccatgtcctgacctgg
>ECK120035105_hokEp_forward_607731_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gaagggtaagataacggcgggtgcctgaagctttccggtttcaggtttactctgaggtctGgaaagatgaagccccaggag
>ECK125138102_hsdSp1_reverse_4581502_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgctgtctgaactggatgcgctgatgcgtgaactgggggcgagcgatgaggccgatttgcAgcgtcagttgctggaagaag
>ECK125137532_hyuAp1_forward_3009919_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcccgggtaaagaacctgaagcgcatgcacctaacgaaaaaacctggaaatctcacctgGtgacctgtgccgcgatgtac
>ECK125137533_hyuAp6_forward_3009830_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttggcaaagcgccggttgttgataagtggaccttctcaactaacggcgtatctatcatggGccgtcacggcattccggtga
>ECK125137477_iapp6_forward_2876544_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatttcgggcgtttaggaagatttgaaattgttttagcgcagcggcagtttcatactatgGcggtaaaaaaatttgcatgg
>ECK125122036_ibaGp2_reverse_3336886_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatggcgttaaccgcctgtccggcaaacctgcctgcaagtcgagccttgtctgatttatcAgcgaggctttttgcttattt
>ECK120010013_impp3_reverse_57336_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ggccacgccaatgatttttccccaatactgcatatattccccaaatcgacacacggatatCagggctatctcccacaatat
>ECK125136474_insFp4_reverse_392660_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacgtgaactggagatgtctaccgagattgcacgtctcaaacgccagctggcagaacgggAtgaagagctggctatcctcc
>ECK125136595_insHp3_reverse_689205_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acaatattctcctatccaactttggcacatctattgctttgttatacaaggcaaaccctgAaacagcatcagtacaaccta
>ECK125137849_insJp4_forward_3720594_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tccaggtgaaaaataaaagcgtgaaacaaatcactattaaagaaagtaatctatatttctGcggcattcccagcctcctgt
>ECK120015517_insKp_forward_3721065_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
aagctggtttacgcgcgctcaagattggcaccaaaagaaacattgcaatatcagttgatcCagaaaaagcggcatcagcat
>ECK125136533_intDp6_reverse_566101_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catcgaaaaaatggacgaggcactggctgaaattggttttgtatttggggagcaatggcgAtgacgcatcctcacgataat
>ECK125136886_intRp4_reverse_1413260_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctcctttaggtaagccagacagcaaacgagggattatctggtacaactatccaaagataAatcagtttatcaaagactca
>ECK125137383_intZp3_forward_2558693_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tccttaaactgatatacattgccgaacaatgtggtctttagtttcataagtcgttccctcAggaagaatcgatgattggca
>ECK125137410_iscAp6_reverse_2659962_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacaccgatattgctgaagaacttgaactgccgccggtgaaaattcactgttctattctgGcagaagacgcgatcaaagcc
>ECK125137400_ispGp1_reverse_2641880_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgcagtacagatccagtatcaagggaaacctgtcgatctgagtcgttttatcagaactaAccaggttgcgcgtctgaccc
>ECK125137401_ispGp4_reverse_2641950_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgcagcgtaaagacggtaatttgaacttaaccggccaggcaccgtacaaactgaaaattGgtgcgccagccgcagtacag
>ECK125137118_kdgRp1_reverse_1910253_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggggcaatggcaggccgtcggcctgaacttttggcataggaattttatatctttggtgaAtaatcaacaggggtatgatt
>ECK125137119_kdgRp8_reverse_1910125_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caaaagatggattgcgaccaccctggtgcgaaattataataaaaaacagttctgatttttAtaaaacactcgcaatgaggt
>ECK125136818_ldcAp9_reverse_1243197_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggcgggttcgtatagtcatgctttgatgaacaacccgctaataacacaatcaaaaaggcAaaccatctcaatttcacttc
>ECK125137422_lepBp1_reverse_2705464_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcacatcattgcgcgatccaccgtgaaacagctgcgtaaaaacgtactggctaaatgttAtggcggcgatatcagccgta
>ECK125136363_leuDp4_reverse_79594_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcctggctgctcaatgtgtctggcgatgaacaacgaccgtctgaatccgggcgaacgttGtgcctccaccagcaaccgta
>ECK125138110_lgoRp4_reverse_4595947_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacattcatcgtagacatgattcggctctccactttttgttgccttagatatcaatgaaaAtgaaaaatggcagcggaacg
>ECK120016715_lhrp_forward_1728353_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
caagtaatatttgtcataatgcgcgctgcaatttatccgtattaagagaatcagatgtccGataacgctcaacttaccggt
>ECK125136572_lipBp2_reverse_662401_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctatcaacgccactcatatcgagcaggttgaaacactgtatgaagaactgggcaaaatcgAtattgtccgcatggttctgt
>ECK125136781_litp1_forward_1198516_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaatgatgaaatgatgaaatgatgaaatgatgaaatgatgaaatgatgacagagtgtccAgtgggcacggatggtgtctt
>ECK125136598_lntp4_reverse_690984_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgggcatcttccggcgcgtggcgaaactatcgacatcgacggttaccagttcaaagtggcGatggccgacagtcggcgtat
>ECK125136408_lpcAp1_forward_243468_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctcacattgttgctgtttttatccgcacttcaggtcaaaaagtcctggtcatagcacctGcccgtacttctcgcttttgg
>ECK120030206_lptAp1_forward_3343326_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
cctctgaagacctcgtcacgttatacggaacaacatttaactccagcggtctgaaaatgcGcggcaacttacgcagcaaga
>ECK120016578_lptBp_forward_3343396_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
acgcagcaagaacgccgagctgattgaaaaggttagaacatcctatgaaattcaaaacaaAcaaactcagccttaatcttg
>ECK120009997_lpxDp_forward_200960_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acgccgttgcttacaacagcagcgatgtaaaagacatcactgccgacgtactgaaacaggTtaaataagtaatgccttcaa
>ECK120009962_lpxPp_forward_2495578_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tgtcctgactagtctttacactctttacaggaaccattgtcgtacatgatggcccaaccaAttgagtgtaccgctgtcgac
>ECK120016707_malQp_reverse_3550399_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
aaaatatctttatttttggtcataccgtggaacaagtgaaggcaattctggccaaaggctAcgacccggtgaaatggcgga
>ECK125136438_matAp1_reverse_311393_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaaataattaaacttaatctcgtttaacctttattgatatgtactacgtatcttatttaCttccggtttactaaggaaac
>ECK125136439_matAp5_reverse_311446_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgttcacatattgacactcatcgggaaaaaaaacataaatttaagcccaatcgaaaataAttaaacttaatctcgtttaa
>ECK125137487_mazGp4_reverse_2910860_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatccgttcgaagttgttttatccggtcaggaacgtgatggcgtagcgttagctgatcagGtaaaaagtatcgcctggcgg
>ECK125136801_mcrAp10_forward_1210195_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctggacgattaattgcagcaggaactcctcgccagaaggtggcgattatctatgatgttGgtgtgtcaactttgtataag
>ECK125136798_mcrAp7_forward_1210139_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacagggacgaattggtggacgtcgtcccaaacttacaccagaacaatgggcacaagctgGacgattaattgcagcaggaa
>ECK125137606_mdaBp1_forward_3172423_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggctatcagtattgtcattttcagaaaatatttatcctgcatcggtgagtcagagtaagAtcagacttttgctaaattcg
>ECK125137040_mdtKp10_forward_1743269_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttttgcggtgccctgtacaatccccgtaaacatacttacaactcctgaaatcagttaagAcattctgttcagcacaatag
>ECK125138017_mdtPp6_reverse_4301236_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggaactcggcgcaggcgctggataacgcactacagccggacagagcaggtcagtttgccGacgccctggagaaatacgct
>ECK125137261_mglCp6_reverse_2237959_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaccagaaatattaatgctcgatgaaccgacgcgcggtattgatgtcggggcgaagtttgAaatttatcagttaattgccg
>ECK125137262_mglCp9_reverse_2237923_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtattgatgtcggggcgaagtttgaaatttatcagttaattgccgaactggcgaagaaagGcaaggggattattattatct
>ECK120030785_micAp_forward_2814802_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctccggtaatttttttaaaaattttctgaactctttcttcccaggcgagtctgagtatatGaaagacgcgcatttgttatc
>ECK125165944_micLp_reverse_1958747_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gcactgcaaggtttatcaaaaattatggaacttattgcccatcgtgatgctccaatcattAtggccggagcaggagtccgt
>ECK125136810_minEp3_reverse_1224711_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agatgtgctggagatcctgcgcatcaaactcgtcggcgtgatcccagaggatcaatcagtAttgcgcgcctctaaccaggg
>ECK125136417_mmuPp1_forward_275119_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgaaggtaagttgatgactcatgatgaaccctgttctatggctccagatgacaaacatgAtctcatatcagggacttgtt
>ECK125136418_mmuPp2_forward_275315_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attctgttaacaaacgcggtataacaaaccttctttggatgtttagatgtccatacgtttAgaaggttatatgcaaacaac
>ECK125136879_mppAp5_forward_1393054_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gattatgataccgaaaacgggtttgaacgtgcgaagcccgaacgtagtgttcggagttctAtgtgctttaccgcattttgg
>ECK125137291_mqop1_reverse_2306924_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccggacggcataatattacgacgctgacctggcggactgctgccgtcaggtcaatatgctAaaaatcccttcatttctaat
>ECK125137244_mrpp2_reverse_2194175_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtacttctctatattcttcaggtaaactatcagctgatggtttatctatacaaaaaaggAgtcgggatgaacgaacaatc
>ECK125137188_mtfAp1_forward_2043618_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttcagatggttgccatgatgccaggaaatttggcattttaacagtccctgtccgtgcaaTtttgttcaagtgacgagttt
>ECK125137500_mutHp5_forward_2969582_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttgcagtgttgcgcaactcgattaccggcaacctaaaaagcaatataaatcagagaattGaacaacgcatgtggaaaaag
>ECK125138090_nanSp1_reverse_4537703_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aataatagtctattgattattggcggtgaaactgcaggcggcaaagcggtgacggattcaGttttgatcactgtgaaggat
>ECK120016713_narWp_reverse_1538687_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tggagtacgcatggtttaacaacgtcgaaaccaaaccgggcattggttatccgaaaaactGggaagatcaggaagagtggc
>ECK125136957_nhoAp2_forward_1533963_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtaacgaaattaacgggattggcgatttgcgaacgtgatgcatgtccgcgatcgcacaaaAtagccggtgcggcgtctatt
>ECK125137061_nlpCp3_reverse_1792827_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaatctggcgcaggcctatgggatgaattttcgccgtctggatatcgaaggtcacagaatGctgatttcgaccatctgatt
>ECK125137758_nudEp1_reverse_3526186_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attaagttacataaatgtaaataacatgcaattcacattgccgaaagcgtgtccgatatcGcacaataaccgctgatttca
>ECK125137080_nudGp3_forward_1841438_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggggatgaagatggcggtctagcacaggcactccttaaatataaagcctttctgattgaGcaacagtgcggatattatgg
>ECK125136930_opgDp4_forward_1496645_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accaggaagcggaagaacgcagtaaacgtcgctgtggtttgctttaaaatctgaccatccGcctttgcaaaaatttgcctg
>ECK125137359_oxcp10_reverse_2492130_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgttgttgaagtggaacaaccgttgcgtggaaaatatctgaccgttggttgtccaatgaaAttctctgcctttacgccgga
>ECK125136755_pabCp1_forward_1153293_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttttattccgacttgttccgtagtgaacatgctgccacactaacaattctctgataaggAgccggtatgttcttaattaa
>ECK125136756_pabCp5_forward_1153194_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcggcttcggtggcactaatggttctttgatctttaaaaagatctaagttgtcattttccAcccttataaaaggtccgctt
>ECK125136373_panCp2_reverse_148920_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actgacgggcagatcctcgtgatgcacgacgcctttggtattaccggcggtcacattcctAaattcgctaaaaatttcctc
>ECK125137790_panZp1_forward_3597828_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgcctttgtcagcataaaataacggcacaaagggcggaataattcactatcattcagggGattatgctggacatttttca
>ECK125136944_patDp3_forward_1515415_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgccttgtcgttcgatgaaatcatcgttacgacctttacggcaggtcatgaacgaacgttAccgttgtggttgctcaatca
>ECK125136945_patDp4_forward_1515440_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttacgacctttacggcaggtcatgaacgaacgttaccgttgtggttgctcaatcagcttGggcgaccgcgtgatgtaccg
>ECK125136860_pgpBp5_forward_1339193_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggcttctgccacacgtttaagctgcatgaaattctccagataatgctggttctgtattgGcttattttgccataacgaga
>ECK125136776_phoQp5_reverse_1189940_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgaccgcgttcgaatacactattatggaaacgttgatacgcaataatggcaaagtggtcAgcaaagattcgttaatgctc
>ECK125136991_pinQp1_forward_1633584_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attttcgaacgtgtacatacaaatatgcacaaaaataatcataattattttctgagatgcAttatgatatgaacaccaatt
>ECK120016710_plsBp_reverse_4256598_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
atccagtggtattattggccattgaaagaacctttttacattatgagcgtcaatatcagtGtaccgttaaatccgatgatt
>ECK125137623_plsYp5_forward_3204533_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acggttatcccacgccatttcgatatcgaacactaacttctgttcgatggtctgttcccaGtcgtaaacaccaatagtggt
>ECK125136600_potEp1_reverse_718344_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagggatcaacctgctgccaggttttgcaccggagctgcagggtgtctatatcgaagaacAtgatggtcgtaagcaagttt
>ECK125137567_pppAp3_reverse_3114479_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggataaggcgctcgcgccgcatccggcatgaaataaggcgcaccgggttaacacatttgCccgatgcgcctgcttatcgg
>ECK125137057_ppsRp1_forward_1787339_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttccacataaaccatcggtataaacgaaaccataaaaatgaaatgctgttttcataaaaaAtaaaattgaaggttcatttt
>ECK125136956_pptAp7_forward_1532858_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgcagcagaattattttcagggatacggcacattgctattaatattttgacgaatgataAggtattcaaggcagggttaa
>ECK120009965_psdp_reverse_4390638_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
gtgagttcggcctctggcacctggagccggaacaaatcactcagggctttgtcgaattccAtgactatttaggtctgtgta
>ECK125137271_psuGp4_reverse_2258557_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acggcgtttattacagcgatatcagcggtgaaagtggctggtctgcgccgatcaaaaccaAtgttattaatgttaccggag
>ECK125137270_psuTp2_reverse_2257496_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cattcctgctggcgcgcgttgctgaactgaccggcggtgacagcctgaaatccaacatccAgctggtgttcaacaacgcca
>ECK125136887_racCp4_reverse_1417811_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgccgaaaaagaccagatggcacatgaactttaattaattgactattcgaaactgaatttAtgccagaaatggcaggtatt
>ECK125137239_rcnBp_forward_2186884_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggatgcttttagggcatcctttcatttacactttttacgaaatcatgggatcactaacaaAatatcgcttgtcagttatat
>ECK125137295_rcsCp4_reverse_2320081_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataaccaatagtaagcgttgggacaatgaccatcaggattgccatcaggatcatttgattGcgtaagcggcgtggataaat
>ECK125137929_recQp1_forward_4005858_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cattgcagtttctcgcgcaggcgctgaaaatagcgcctgtttttatttcaggcaatcgggGtgaatgtggcgcaggcggaa
>ECK125136999_remp1_reverse_1644972_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttgtttttattttcaacgcgtttgaagttctggacggtgccggaatagaatcaaaaataCttaagtagcgcgcagggata
>ECK120009996_rfaDp4_forward_3793970_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gattcggatgtgatggtatgattacagacattcgtgtctgagattgtctctgactccataAttcgaaggttacagttatga
>ECK125137813_rhsBp12_forward_3619097_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acacctgattcctctctaaataccctatccgaaccttctcttttgtaacgttctaaatatAttcctaaaaatcttcaattc
>ECK125137808_rhsBp3_forward_3619074_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgatcaacaaagggccactagcacacctgattcctctctaaataccctatccgaaccttCtcttttgtaacgttctaaat
>ECK125137810_rhsBp9_forward_3619044_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gattgagtctattattgggtcctttggtgaacgatcaacaaagggccactagcacacctgAttcctctctaaataccctat
>ECK125136594_rihAp3_reverse_684602_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcccgtaaagtggcgaatcgggtgatctttatggacgagggtaaaattgtcgaagactcGccgaaagacgctttcttcga
>ECK125136641_rlmFp1_forward_842192_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attgacagagatgtgcttattttttgaacgatatatttttacaaaataagacaaatcaatGacatgcataatgctgatttt
>ECK125137634_rlmGp4_reverse_3235892_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacgaaaaagagaaaaagggtatactcacgcacccttttcaggggcaatgtcgaaattttAtcattcaggagggccgatga
>ECK125136361_rluAp1_reverse_60450_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctcgtctggaagctctgcgtgcagtgaacccgaacattcgtgacgacgaactgaccgccAttgagagcaaccgtcagcag
>ECK125137995_rluFp1_forward_4230309_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagcaggtaacgaattcaagccaatggaaataacaaatagttcgctcatgactattttttAtcaacccaaaggtacggtat
>ECK120016716_rnlBp_forward_2766707_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cctgactactgtatgttactttatcctgaactacgcaccattgaaggtgtcttaaaaagtAagatgagtgggttaggcatg
>ECK125137440_rplSp1_reverse_2744642_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgggccgtacctggcttagaagacctgaacttctggaaaacctggctctgactgaagagcAagcaaggttgctggcggagt
>ECK120033261_rpoDp4_forward_3212693_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tacaaataatgctgccacccttgaaaaactgtcgatgtgggacgatatagcagataagaaTattgctgagcaaaccttcac
>ECK120010515_rpoHp3_reverse_3600870_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tgcgtaatttattcacaagcttgcattgaacttgtggataaaatcacggtctgataaaacAgtgaatgataacctcgttgc
>ECK120010580_rseAp3_reverse_2709632_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
aagtggcggcgcgttgaaagaaatttcgaaccctgagaacttaatgttgtcagaagaactGagacagatagttttccgaac
>ECK120010009_rsePp_forward_196470_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
caggaattaaggacagcggtcatttaattccaggacacggtggtattttagatcgtattgAtagcctgacggctgcggtac
>ECK125137794_rsmDp1_forward_3604352_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtacatagcagctaaaaaaatgatgaaatagtctatcacttaacttaattcacatcaccGcctgcaagtatgtgttatct
>ECK125137554_rsmEp1_forward_3091018_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taccgactgggagtgcgagcgcgatgaacgcatcgcgaaggtgcagggcaatcataacccGtatgtgcaacgcgcttgcca
>ECK125137775_rtcAp1_reverse_3556880_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaagatattgatgcggtgatggcggcacaaagcgatctggtggaagttatctataccctGcgtcaggtggtgtgcgtaaa
>ECK125137776_rtcAp2_reverse_3557002_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gggcgggtaatgagccgaactaaagcgaaaaaactgttcagcgtggaagatcaaattcgtGccaccgcgcatgtggaatgc
>ECK125136724_rutGp2_reverse_1070045_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctttttggcggcaaaacgcccatggaacaccgctttgccgccgcccgctggcagacggggGtgaccggatgcccgcaactg
>ECK120016712_rutRp_forward_1074134_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ttattaatctgttaacattacgttatctaaaatatctggtaaaaagtggactaaacggtcAaaacagttgcacataaaaca
>ECK120030786_rybBp_reverse_888057_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aaaatgaaatttttttgcacaaccgcagaacttttccgcagggcatcagtcttaattagtGccactgcttttctttgatgt
>ECK125136979_sadp5_reverse_1614799_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttatgctgccagcttcggcaaccgcgttgaacatctccagttgggtcagatccatagcaTtctcgattcgtgaataagtg
>ECK125136869_sapFp5_reverse_1352657_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgcattgtgacgccacgtttgacgggggcgaaaaatcatctctatgcctgtcatttcccGctgaacatggagaaagagtg
>ECK125136484_sbcCp2_reverse_415847_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tagccagccaacagcgtgaaaccctcagcgaactcagcgtcgaagaggtgttcaatcgccGtctggcactggaagaactgg
>ECK120009967_sbmAp_forward_396553_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tcgaaacaattcttatggtcaggctggcgaactaagcgccttgctatgggtcacaatgggCggtttcatttggctgacgct
>ECK125137892_setCp14_forward_3836744_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agattaatttgttcatttaatatatcaaatcaacttgttttatttttactatcaaaaataGctcattgccttactataatt
>ECK125136883_smrAp1_forward_1405936_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcggcaatatttggaacttattactggaaatttgggtaatacgttgttggaccgacccgGtctggttatcatatcgcgct
>ECK125138052_tamAp1_forward_4442270_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaggttgtaacaagaggcgtatttgcacacaataaccaccgtgaataggtctaaagtaaAacataagaaatatttggggt
>ECK125137663_tdcRp8_forward_3267254_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaaatatcaacaagttaaagtataaaaatcagcataaaccctgatttttgtcaaaaaaaAtgacggggataaccatattt
>ECK125136837_tdkp1_forward_1293516_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagctgaaaaactgacgaattatgataaactccagccaactttatttcatatcattgaggGcctgtggctgatggcacagc
>ECK125136794_tfaEp1_reverse_1209266_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcaacgattaatttctattttgatgaaatatgggtaaatagtggcactgacattatcaaAagaggaaacacaaacgatgc
>ECK125136795_tfaEp6_reverse_1209189_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgccggattaccagccccggattatggaacctttaaaacatataaacaatcagtggatgGtttaggtgccgcagcctcag
>ECK125137238_thiDp3_reverse_2184673_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atccgttaatgaccaaagtggtaggaactggctgtgcattatcggcggttgtcgctgcctGctgtgcgttaccaggcgata
>ECK125137499_thyAp2_reverse_2965348_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttattatcctcaacctgtatattcgtaaaccacgcccaatgggagctgtctcaggtttGttcctgattggttacggcgc
>ECK125136721_torTp1_forward_1056220_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gggtcagggttaaattcacggtcggtgcactttaggtgaaaaaggttgagtcgcaaagcgGaatgcatctagcataaagcc
>ECK125137789_ugpQp1_reverse_3588300_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtaaaatgactctcggcattcgcccggaacatattgcgctaagctcgcaggcagaaggcgGcgtaccgatggtgatggaca
>ECK125138039_ulaRp5_reverse_4418562_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcgcggtttcgatgattgcttcactattgaaccggatctgccgttcaagtcattcctgtAatctgtcgtttataccgggt
>ECK125137882_waaUp9_reverse_3799398_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcttacgatgtaattccatttattaaacttcaagacatcagtgcagaagaatcaaaagatAtgacaagaaaaaaaatgcaa
>ECK125137213_wbbKp4_reverse_2104606_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggttgggtgagaatgtgacggttttgcctggaacaattattggtaatggagtcgtagtcgGcgccaattctgttgttagag
>ECK125137222_wcaMp1_reverse_2115934_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgtcaaacgcgcgcgcgaaaaagttgaacacgattttaaccagcaggtgatcaatcgagaActcgccagcttgctgcaggc
>ECK120033256_wzap2_reverse_2137193_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
taaataaacaatgatgaaatccaaaatgaaattgatgccattattggtgtcagtaaccttGataagcggttgcacagtact
>ECK125137888_xanPp5_forward_3828821_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcctgggtcaaattctcagctgttaatgaacaaatggcatggattttaagcagaaaaatAccaaaagttatataaaaaag
>ECK125137997_xylEp1_reverse_4242270_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataattgccttaactgcctgacaattccaacatcaatgcactgataaaagatcagaatggTctaaggcaggtctgaatgaa
>ECK125136345_yaaAp3_reverse_6587_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccagtgattatctacgccagcgtaaactcggcgtgcgcccggtgtttgatccattgcgttAtccggatatcggtcgccagc
>ECK125136366_yacHp3_reverse_131307_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatcccaagattagtcaaaatttaaactaccgcctctttatactcggattcacagcacctGcgggtggcagttcgccgacc
>ECK125136368_yadEp3_forward_144965_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagagtttcgcgagcgtattgtcgaactgggtgcgccggaggtgagtagtctttggcaccAacaacaaaaaaatccgcctt
>ECK125136377_yadNp1_reverse_156984_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctaaagtgcacaataggcgacctaatgaacaatggttgtaaatttgggtaacaaatatcAttgctcattaatatctaaca
>ECK125136385_yadSp7_reverse_177757_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcggaccggaccaaattcctaaaatcaaacaatactggggtgaacagctcaaaattcccGttattcctctcacgagtgac
>ECK125136397_yaeFp1_reverse_217135_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tattccgcacactattgtgctgggcgaccgtaacctcgacaacgacgatatcgaatataaAtatcgtcgcaacggcgagaa
>ECK125136395_yaeQp3_forward_214088_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actttcaaaacgcagcccagcgcgtccggaacgtatcctaagtctccgctggcgatttccGcgtaccgcttgcgtattaac
>ECK125136462_yahMp5_forward_345336_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcttacgcatcgcactcaagcctgacagaaaatatgctgtaaggctcatatcaaaaaccGccattagctcatcaggaaga
>ECK125136482_yaiIp7_forward_405698_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttccattgcctcactcctgccgtgaaattcattgttttgataatcgctggcagaagcatAaacagaactatgccggaagg
>ECK125136467_yaiOp6_reverse_380850_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtagaacgtaatttacctaccggaacttattcactccgacaagaacttatccgtacaggAgattaaaatgataaaacgga
>ECK125136468_yaiPp5_reverse_383985_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atatgcgtcatgatcgcctgcgtgcagttgcacaatttcgcggacaacaggtcaatagcgAtctgggtgaaggctttgtaa
>ECK125136471_yaiSp13_reverse_384738_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acacttaacatatgaattgcatagaaacattacccagtcgaacccacgggtctgaaagccCttgcttttcagttattagca
>ECK125136487_yajIp6_reverse_433034_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acactgccgacggcggcgtacggatgaaccctcgcccacgagacgagagtcaattaccttAgtgtccacggcgaaacagaa
>ECK120009963_ybaBp_forward_493709_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
cgcgacccgtgggcggcacaggtgagccaactttcgctaccaaaactggtcgaacaggtgGcgttaaatgcctggaaagag
>ECK125136501_ybaNp1_forward_490718_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgtcgagacaagcctgtagtgttgtcgcacgagtctgaaaaagatgcctgtcgaaacgaGcacttagcgtggcgaactgt
>ECK125136512_ybaPp6_reverse_508284_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cactgacgctattacgatgaacatgcagcaactctgctaactcattgattttcaaatcgaGcggttccagatattcataga
>ECK125136545_ybcHp4_reverse_588070_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctggaatatctggaccggcgagacgcactacgacgcctggccgcacaaagtcagtctcgGcgtcgagtatcaacatacct
>ECK125136543_ybcWp4_forward_579805_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcggtcctgctggcattctggagggaaatacaaccgacagatgtatgtaaggccaacgtgCtcaaaccttcatacagaaag
>ECK125136555_ybdDp2_forward_631991_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaacgccgtatgaaccaatgccggaaaatgtcgaggagatcgtggcgcaggcaaaaggcGcacactaaagtcagagtgag
>ECK125136546_ybdFp5_reverse_606053_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actggggctggcgctggcacaaaaactggtgaccatgttccatctgatggatcttagtcaGctttacactttattgttttg
>ECK125136556_ybdHp6_reverse_633517_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacctgacgaagttgcgtgttgaaggcactataacacgatgctagtatttggcaatcaagAcgtttagatgtctaaataaa
>ECK125136551_ybdKp3_reverse_607561_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcactcctcatttaatcaactgaagctgaacccgtttttttctgcatgactcaatcgtcaAaattcttcgccaccagtcag
>ECK125136559_ybdMp2_reverse_635555_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaacagctgagcattaccgcaataaaatcgccatttatttgcactggtatcagaaaaaaGgcatcgaggttccacaaacc
>ECK125136580_ybeQp1_reverse_676706_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgtatttccatcggagtggaaagtgcaaacaatattttttgcgactccatgtccatataaTttatccttaaatattcatta
>ECK125136588_ybeRp7_forward_676560_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatctcatctattgataaattatcgcagcaacttgacgtgaaaatcattatcatttccttAtggttgcagataaaacatat
>ECK125136602_ybfAp7_forward_729037_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaattacaggatgaatgtaaataaaccatcaataagcaaaaataagtggtcggatgagtAgtaaaattacacaaaaggcg
>ECK125136599_ybfFp1_reverse_712846_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggcttgcagaaaaactcggaataaaccttatttgttgcagccctgtggcacaatggtcAacataataccctaacccgac
>ECK120016584_ybfHp_reverse_716641_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ataaagtcattttttattcaaatataaggaacttaatatttaaaaaatgttccatacaatTcctcatcataaatgacaccg
>ECK125136610_ybgDp9_reverse_752958_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaaaaacttcatggtagtcgcatttataaccctatgaaaatgacgtctatctataccccCctatattttattcatcatac
>ECK125136609_ybgOp4_reverse_749182_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcagccagcagggcaaccaactgacactgaaaaatcctaccgcgtattatctgaccattGcctatctggggagaaatgaa
>ECK125136619_ybgSp1_reverse_785339_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttaaaccaatgccttatattcacctgcaaatgcactgttggaagaggttatccgacataAcgaccataacaggagcatcc
>ECK125136620_ybgSp2_reverse_785459_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcaagaaaaacgccagattgtcgcgaaaaacgagatctctcctacaatttctaactgtaActcctttgtttgttaattat
>ECK125136631_ybhHp8_forward_800552_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attgagtaatttagcggcattgttaaacgaactggactctgccagtatgacaaatgccttCatacttgataattcatgctt
>ECK125136651_ybiUp5_reverse_859100_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catcacatcaaatcattaaacttgcattaacttatttataacttatattgtcacatgcaaAtcagaatggtttcgaatgaa
>ECK125136667_ybjEp3_reverse_914901_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttatgcataacatttccttttaattgcaactttactcgtccttccgctttcagtagtgtGtcatcgcgcatttcgacttc
>ECK125136663_ybjOp4_forward_897852_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggggtgaatccggaaatcaacgccctggcaacattgatcctcggcgcggtcggaattgtcGgatttatcgcctggtatctg
>ECK125136675_ycaDp1_forward_945719_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaatttttcgactgaacgaagcgtatgaaatttgtgttagttcaataaaaacaatcagatGagactaatcatctcttcagc
>ECK125136685_ycaLp1_forward_960132_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgcggattagccaggcagcctgaatgaacaacgggcaataaatagccaaatctttctttAtcaaaacgtcggcacattgt
>ECK125136708_yccXp7_forward_1029994_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcgcgccctttggctaacactaaacgtacactcataatttacttttctgtcgatgcaaaGaaatgggcgtcattgtccgg
>ECK125136729_ycdUp1_forward_1095693_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aattatcaaagaaaatctctcattacacttaactcatacggtgaaatggactgaatctctCgatacatttctgaatatgcc
>ECK125136730_ycdUp9_forward_1095633_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcttcgccagagcatcaggttctgatgaacgtaacagcaaaaagcgaggtcgctccgtcAattatcaaagaaaatctctc
>ECK125136754_yceFp9_reverse_1146749_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attttaccttttgcatagggcgcgcatattaactttgtaacgtcatagagtcaaagaaaaAggcagcctgtggttgccttt
>ECK125136746_yceHp2_forward_1126081_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatttactggcgcgactgggttttgaaaaagaaggctatgcgaaagactatctgttgattGatggacaatggcgcgatcac
>ECK125136748_yceMp4_forward_1126604_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atggcggaagtggagtcgacgctggaacaactggcaaatcgcgaagatggtccttttgtgGtgcgtctggcccgcgaaccg
>ECK125136741_yceOp1_reverse_1119511_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttttaaatttgcgtcagttttaggggaaatagctgccgattttgcgcaagacaaaaaaaGcgattttgatttgacgccat
>ECK125136742_yceOp7_reverse_1119632_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcggttgctgcctgtacggcgctgcctgcacctatgataattcgcctgacgaagattttAttatcgataccctacccggc
>ECK125136766_ycfTp11_reverse_1175329_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataagcgaaagcaagatgggtaaacgtctgaactgtaagtgatcgtcagggctaatctgaAaagcccccgtaaatcaatcg
>ECK125136822_ycgYp1_forward_1245083_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctttcacatcagaacgtatactcgacacctgctttacgggtgaaaaaaatcaatatagcActtcgatatccgataaagtc
>ECK125136823_ycgYp6_forward_1245101_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atactcgacacctgctttacgggtgaaaaaaatcaatatagcacttcgatatccgataaaGtcggttcccggtaacaacaa
>ECK125136832_ychNp4_reverse_1273655_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcgtattttctcgcgctttcaggaaaatccttaaaaatgtgaccgattggtcagacgctGcagaagcagtaagatagaag
>ECK125136844_yciBp3_reverse_1313055_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgggcgaatatgcgtctggtggcacccgcagtactgagctggttgctggcaaaaacactGttgctgctttttgcctcttc
>ECK125136846_yciEp6_reverse_1315238_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaataagaaagccgaaaataaagcctgaaatatgaattttaacttttagtcattttataAagaggacattttcatgaatc
>ECK125136854_yciNp9_reverse_1330757_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcacactgtacctgataaaatccgatacgcaactttattagcatgcaaaatccaaagttGccagtaaggcgctcttgcca
>ECK125136865_yciTp1_reverse_1344544_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgaatttgatgcccagcgcgttgccgaacgtattgatattgtgttagatatccttgtggcAggcgattaccactctgcgat
>ECK125136841_yciUp5_reverse_1307352_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcgaactaagtctggttggcacagttaaccttgatatgcgtagtctgtggctaaatttcGagattaccctggcaatcgac
>ECK125136866_yciWp4_reverse_1350236_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggcggtttcagcattgctgcaatgaacgaactcgaactgaaataatcgttctgttggtaAagatgggcggcgttctgccg
>ECK125136867_ycjDp4_reverse_1351866_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatgtgctggcatcgccgctgcatgaactcaccaaacggctgattgccggtcattttggcGaggcattgacggcggatgcg
>ECK125136872_ycjMp4_forward_1370003_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacccacgttgagaacgccggtggcctgaaagacatcgcaatgccgaaggtcaaaggttaAaagaattcaccatgagcggc
>ECK125136910_ydbJp1_forward_1440856_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acattgcgcaaatgaggggcgcacgaaattgctgcgcgcccagtagtaatctttcaatttTagcaaatggctttcttctgc
>ECK125136923_ydcAp6_forward_1491647_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acccgatctttgatctcatcaacggtatcaaaataaaccagcgtataacgttcaaatcgaAcataagattcgataaaccat
>ECK125136934_ydcKp8_reverse_1500640_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccatcccctaaccagtggctgacctgccaaacctggctggcatagcgccaggcaaatcccAtccctatcgtccccaacaca
>ECK125136939_ydcLp7_forward_1502323_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcgaagtttttagcagcttaacttactgaaatttaagtactgatgattgacttagccccTttttcggcattgactatgtc
>ECK125136947_ydcXp1_forward_1517221_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttatcagtactacagttctactggaaacattcatttttgccaccttttatcattgcccctAtgtgtatagtacgggttaag
>ECK125136951_ydcZp1_reverse_1518375_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcaccgcgcaaatgccgcaggtaggcactaaatttggtcgttggctggatctgacatttAtgcagttgcaactcgacgag
>ECK125136972_yddBp6_reverse_1577666_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatggttacacatcaacccggtgtctggaacctggccgatgatatttgtgacattagcgcGgttttataaaaacaataaaa
>ECK125136959_yddJp1_reverse_1544866_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attaaacgctgctaacaaccagttgaaatatataaatcttgatttcctgacttatcttccAtctatcaaaagtttaagact
>ECK125136962_yddJp8_reverse_1544758_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tactaataatacatccgatattggaactttattccccataataaaacagagcaaaacttaAattttttaaatgtttctggg
>ECK125136986_ydeIp1_reverse_1624516_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggcaatattcttatttggcaattataaaaatagcaaccagacttaataagtcaaaccaaAcgcaattaaggagttagtat
>ECK125136975_ydeRp1_reverse_1588298_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atccgggactggtgagggcttcggcaacctttacccttgaatttcaataatcagagtcagAtatgaaaagacttcacaaga
>ECK125136990_ydfKp5_forward_1632985_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catattcagcatttttagtcatgccctaataaaattagggattggcatatccaataacccAgacaaaaccgatgtataagt
>ECK125137034_ydhBp2_reverse_1739809_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtagggagtgaaattagtgttgtgaaacggtaatatttgatgactggtttcaaaaattttGcaggcagactatgtggtcag
>ECK125137031_ydhFp1_reverse_1725648_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgaaccggagcaaccatcactcttttgaacctaatcttgcgtatactcctctcatatctgAtaagaggaagcgattatggt
>ECK120016714_ydhIp_forward_1720998_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ttttcagaaattgcgcgtaaatttttcgcacttaaagaatatttattaatctaacgcaatAtattcggtcgtaaaggaatc
>ECK125137041_ydhSp3_forward_1747068_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaatttaatcaagggcggttagcgcccttttcatccctgtctgaaatttctcaaattctaAaaatctcaaccaaacttatc
>ECK125137042_ydhSp5_forward_1747113_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttctcaaattctaaaaatctcaaccaaacttatctgataacactaaattcgaaagaatGcgtacaggtaagtaacaatg
>ECK125137044_ydhTp1_reverse_1749569_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgcaccacggggcgtacgccacacgaaacctttaaaagcatggtcgatggctatcaccgGcactaacgaatgatcattac
>ECK125137046_ydhZp6_reverse_1755209_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatatatcatcgctcaattgctacagttaaaataatttatcgcgttatttgtctgattttGtttgatttttgtttaattgg
>ECK125137054_ydiMp1_forward_1770930_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcatttcaacgagtctaccctgatggcaattttattgactggaagatctatcaatcggtaGctgctgaattatatgcacac
>ECK120035108_ydiVp_reverse_1792087_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaaggacccctgaaaaagtggttaacatggaacaaatgaaagttactccttctgtaattgTtatgtcttatggcctcatcc
>ECK125137064_ydiYp6_reverse_1806217_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttgcagataaatatatataaataaaaatctgttttcgccacatgcttattcaaaaaatgAaataagaatacattgctaag
>ECK125137085_ydjEp5_reverse_1853983_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgataaagatgcggcaagtgaatttgccgcaattgctacctttttagcaaatccgaggcaCctaatggaacaatatgatca
>ECK125137087_ydjFp1_reverse_1854924_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacacgattcacctctgtttctgtgaaaactgtgatgaaaatctgtgattcaaacaggttAttttgaaagtaaacatcggt
>ECK125137077_ydjXp1_forward_1833308_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggctcaaactgggtcaggagaattaaccttgagaaaaatcaacaaactgtcagtaatgAtttgttgcctgccgtccttt
>ECK125137092_yeaIp6_forward_1870243_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttatccggtgttccgtgaactgtttcataaacaaaatgcaacagctaaaggctaaaactAtcagccaggtcattatcgcc
>ECK125137094_yeaMp1_reverse_1875648_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctgtttttgccgcttaatgaagttgaacaggtcatatgcttctcattgttacaaacgagGctgtaccttaccgtttttat
>ECK125137096_yeaNp4_forward_1875463_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcattttccaccgtacaggtaattgcaccatgtagcgccagtatcagctgtcctttgcgGtgctgatgtacaggactggt
>ECK125137099_yeaOp4_forward_1876777_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcctgtgggccgccgctgatgggtaaaatacacgatgctaacggtaactggtctgtaccaCttatgggtgttgccatactt
>ECK125137102_yeaQp1_reverse_1879390_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtacgttcttatgacacggaaaacgaacatgatgtttgtggttggtaattatcactgatcGttgatggcgcaatttctgcg
>ECK120009969_yeaYp_reverse_1890561_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tttatttacgtaacaacgtcgcatggaagaaacttccgggcaaagaatgaatcttaagagTatgccctgagaaaaaaagga
>ECK125137141_yebAp1_reverse_1941683_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggggacgaatatcaaactgggtaaaacaagctattcagaattcctgagtcaattagccAaccagtatgcgagctgcctg
>ECK125137142_yebAp5_reverse_1941833_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attcaacctggcgcgcagcgtttacatgaaataagaacacagttggttgagcaaaaagcaAcctgcgtttttgctgagcca
>ECK125137143_yebAp6_reverse_1941721_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacgagggacatccgttcgtatgggaacgttggatcccctggggacgaatatcaaactggGtaaaacaagctattcagaat
>ECK125137126_yebVp1_forward_1921745_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttgactggcacattcggctgcctcaactaggctgaaaaatggtgcgatcggactggtcGtaccacaatcggcagctaaa
>ECK125137130_yebWp3_forward_1921957_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caactggatgcctgggatgctgaaaccagtatccctgccctgctaaatggcgaacactctGtcctttaccgtacccgttac
>ECK125137147_yecDp4_forward_1950778_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagtttgctataaaggtgttgcccgaactcataaaaattaacaaaatttgtcgttccgccAtcggctaatcgcattaaggt
>ECK125137179_yedJp3_reverse_2033203_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttgaaagcgatttaggctctaccgcgggaaagtggttaggggcactggtcggatttttAtttatggctctggtcggggc
>ECK125137201_yeeAp6_reverse_2080661_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcctttcaattttttcgctcctgccgggaaattacactgttcccggtttgtccgtcggatAattcagaggcgcgccttctg
>ECK125137202_yeeFp2_reverse_2087238_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcttgtcatttcccccccatttaggcacaatgcgccgctgtcaaaaaatgactaaaaaccGacgtttcatcagcgtcggtt
>ECK125137193_yeeOp1_reverse_2059828_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaacagtccgccgttctaccgactgaactacagaggaatcgttgttgaggcacatcttaAcggcgaaaaatcttttgtca
>ECK125137194_yeeOp6_reverse_2059875_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaggaatttggctcctctgactggactcgaaccagtgacatacggattaacagtccgccGttctaccgactgaactacag
>ECK125137204_yeeZp7_reverse_2089176_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgcagcatgtcgttatcattattgaacagattcattcatagaatgaattgtcagttttgAtacgctagcgtagccttata
>ECK125137236_yegXp1_reverse_2183801_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggctgcactacgcccgcgccatacaaactgggctgacaccgtacaggaggcaaaaagctGgctttcatcggcgttagccc
>ECK125137237_yegXp6_reverse_2183820_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtacactctctgcggcgttggctgcactacgcccgcgccatacaaactgggctgacaccGtacaggaggcaaaaagctgg
>ECK125137241_yehEp1_reverse_2192909_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatttaatactgcgaatattctgcggaccttcgtccgaaactctacaaagtcgattgatcAtacaggcaatgcttcattat
>ECK125137269_yeiIp2_forward_2251653_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgtttcgacggcattccgctgatcctcgaaaccatcaacccggatatctgggcagaagagAtcgcctggctgaaagcgcaa
>ECK125137275_yeiWp7_reverse_2265413_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttaatttcgttcgctcttggcatcgaaaaattcctgtagtcgaaaatgtcaaaaatatcGcgacaaagtactcgcgacgg
>ECK125137280_yejGp5_reverse_2278353_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gggtacatatagccccgcaaacgtgaccacgcccgcagatattacttaaatcagagccatAgaggccacgcaggcgaggca
>ECK125137281_yejGp8_reverse_2278446_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cattcccccgatatatgtttattttatgtaaaatcaatttatgtaaaaagtcacatcattGtagttaaaaaggttgagtta
>ECK125137287_yejKp5_reverse_2284109_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgttcaacctgttcatcactgtagcgggaaatttgtggcataaatcgaaatcagttagttGatgaaagggcaacatattac
>ECK125137298_yfaLp1_reverse_2344218_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taacaaaatagccattgcaccgggttgaacaatttacaaaagaaagatattccatatcgtAtaatgcgattaaatacgccg
>ECK125137299_yfaLp3_reverse_2344265_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aggttattaacttgaattatgacgcactgatattattcatcaaataataacaaaatagccAttgcaccgggttgaacaatt
>ECK125137297_yfaPp4_reverse_2328199_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggatcggctggatttaacccatgagtatctgcacctggcctttgatggttatcccaccggGcttgatgagaactatatcga
>ECK125137319_yfbKp7_reverse_2385905_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgtgtcggggcgttgacggtaatgcattgacccagggttggtaaaaaataatcatagggaGtaaaaacacaaataatataa
>ECK125137322_yfbLp7_forward_2385828_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctttgtataatcctgctaatcttaataaaatacaatatcgaaacccatagcaaataatgAttcaacaacgcaacccatta
>ECK125137325_yfbNp1_reverse_2388587_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctaaaggtgtcataattattccctgaaataatatattcatcaaacgaatgacattgtttgAattcattagcagataaatag
>ECK125137327_yfbOp1_forward_2388573_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttaacattcatgttatgatgctcttgaaactaataatacgtatggaattgtcactatttAtctgctaatgaattcaaaca
>ECK125137330_yfbPp7_forward_2388995_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagagctggtttgtagaagaaattgcccctgatgagtgctgggaaggatggtcagaagatAcggagcatggatgggttgaa
>ECK125137336_yfcIp7_reverse_2423712_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgtctgcaacggttccttaagggatcgctgaaataatttcctctccggtggctaacgctGccggagtattttcatgggga
>ECK125137337_yfcIp8_reverse_2423614_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgctgaaatgtaaaagttacagtccgctaaaaatacttctgaattcgctgtccaaagataAaaactgcctgctgcattggg
>ECK125137347_yfcVp8_reverse_2455688_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcgcatgccgtattcaatggctgggtataaacattggctattgactgaatcaatgtattGcaatgtttatattttaatta
>ECK125137354_yfdGp4_forward_2467737_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actggcttgatgagaaggtggagtgagcgaccttaacaactatcgaatagcacaaagtctTgcaatccagtgcaaagcttt
>ECK125137373_yfeCp4_forward_2518375_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaatcgctgaaaaatcaggcaaatgaacaattttggaaaaccgctcgcattcagtagttAttcatgtcacggtttcctgt
>ECK125137377_yfeHp5_forward_2526909_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taattcatctgttttcttcatgaatggatgcaataaatcaattttatttctcaaactggaAgaagcacaatagaaccatcg
>ECK120016565_yfeKp_forward_2537315_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ccgatgatcctcatcgtaatccaaccgaaactttacctgattctggcagtcaaatcggctAtcacaaaacaaggataaggt
>ECK125137375_yfeRp1_reverse_2527039_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgcgccgtgcataaagaacagcagggcaatagctgcggtggtcagattttcaaagaaggGgacgaaatcgcctctggccg
>ECK120009972_yfeYp_reverse_2551243_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
gcttgtttttatgaagtaaaagaataacggcactttttggtgaatttgcactccaagcaaCgttattgaataaccaaagga
>ECK125137384_yffOp1_forward_2562080_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtaattattgcggtttttgtcaattttcaacctcaattcttgcgaaaaatggcaaaaataAcggtatttttcatcatttat
>ECK125137387_yffQp1_forward_2563389_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgggagactgatggccgccgacgttgcacaattgattaatttctgaacattcaaatcaaCtcccaccaaagccaacaaga
>ECK125137388_yffQp3_forward_2563409_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gacgttgcacaattgattaatttctgaacattcaaatcaactcccaccaaagccaacaagAtgggaggtgaattttgtgat
>ECK125137398_yfgGp7_forward_2629085_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatagagagcattgattctaagtgtcatatgaaagtaccaattgatatatatcaaacaaaAtaaccctgattaatgaatta
>ECK125137412_yfhRp2_forward_2664244_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgttgttaaagccatgctggcgaacatgcgtgacgagttaagcgacgctctgaagcgttAatgactcaggcgggtgatat
>ECK125137449_yfjIp8_forward_2758881_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatgagtggttatcacaacgctgtaaacttatttgagggtgttacatgaattcatactcaAttgctgtcatcggagtgtaa
>ECK125137454_yfjPp5_forward_2767642_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcagaaagattctgcaatctatgtgcattgaaaaaatcttcagatagatatcattctcctGaacaatccgatgaacggcag
>ECK125137472_ygbNp2_forward_2864907_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aattgccggactacctgatcgacatgaaccggacgatggagaaatcaactatccgtggctGttccgcctgttcgatgaggt
>ECK125137486_ygcGp7_forward_2905605_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagtaacgtattatgtcagaagaaaataaagaaaatggatttaatcatgtcaaaacattcAccaaaattatatttattttt
>ECK125137479_ygcNp3_forward_2892572_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgccgctgttaagtgcggtgatggtaaaagaaacctgcaccgcaggttgtatctatcgcgGcgaatgataagagtgtgtcg
>ECK125137480_ygcUp5_reverse_2899607_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attacgctggcgacacgcagtaatccagaaaccaatcagcgcgttcttgatcatattccgGcaaaccgttggggcgatact
>ECK125137481_ygcWp11_reverse_2900409_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgagagtaatcacgcttctgctttttaaaattatttgacaatacgaatatcacactgtgAttacgatcacattagcagtt
>ECK125137482_ygcWp12_reverse_2900471_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attacttttctcaggtctctagtaattgaaataataaataacatggaaagcagaggtgttGtgtgagagtaatcacgcttc
>ECK125137506_ygeAp5_reverse_2980803_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cattactttctggctcattccggaaaccaaaaatgtcacgctggaacatatcgaacgcaaActgatggcaggcgagaagtt
>ECK125137528_ygeRp1_reverse_3000039_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgggattattacgcatcaggatgggaaatagggtaaaaagtcaggaagttcgatacctctAcagcgaatattttgctgatg
>ECK125137529_ygeWp1_forward_3006224_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttattgttagtcccaggtatagctgtgaaaacaccaatcactttggcaagtcacagtgaaAtaaaccactttgcctgtcat
>ECK125137538_ygfSp5_reverse_3029164_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgccgtggttgcagggcagcggaattaaactcgataaatggggcctgattcaaaccggtGacgtcgggtatttacctacc
>ECK125137539_ygfUp6_forward_3031189_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agagtgcgacatgccagaatgattaatgaaatatcaatatgagaaaattacagataattcCattgtcaggttctcttctca
>ECK125137547_yggCp1_reverse_3074756_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgctctatgacgcgttaaaagcgatgaagttcgctgatttctccgtctggtcagaggcgcGttttagcggaatggtcaaaa
>ECK125137553_yggIp6_forward_3089588_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caacaccttctgggtgtatgcggctctgaacgtactgtttatcctgctgacattgtggctGgtaccggaaaccaaacacgt
>ECK120010000_yggNp1_reverse_3101798_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
caaactggatgaggtacgcaccagcgaacttttcgacgtttggtgggactaagaaagcatAcgggcgatgacaaatgcaaa
>ECK120010001_yggNp2_reverse_3101744_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aagcatacgggcgatgacaaatgcaaaactgcctgatgcgctacgcttatcaggcctggaAagatgcacgatcgagtaggc
>ECK125137565_yghDp3_reverse_3111276_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgaaatcagcgtcactttccgacatcgaaatgcgtggttttacctttgatcaaaaacgccAgatacttcacctccagctac
>ECK120010010_yghFp_reverse_3112899_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aatacagacaaagagcatctgcgaaaaattgcacgcgggatgttctggctgatgctgcttAttatttctgcaaaaatggcg
>ECK125137574_yghQp1_reverse_3132593_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgagactgccatctcccgcaagcctgaccatgactatgccgagctgcaggacaaaatcgGtgtcatgtcgaagattggct
>ECK125137584_yghTp14_forward_3133915_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccaggcttgccgtgagggtcgatttacctgaaccatcacatcctacaatggcaataacacGcactggcgtggaattaatta
>ECK125137610_ygiDp2_reverse_3182561_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagaacgccgagaaacgcgccaataaacgtggctgcccccgccagtatggtcagaatgagAggtactgacatcgacaactc
>ECK125137611_ygiDp3_reverse_3182429_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcattgttatccgggttcttactccgccgaacaagcgtattgtgaggatatcaaaatgacAcctttagttaaggatatcat
>ECK120010002_ygiMp_forward_3201104_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
attttgcgccaaattgccatgcaacgggcaatttgacgggcgtaaaagtttgaagcagtgGcaagacctgacacagaggat
>ECK120016574_ygiMp2_forward_3201042_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ttatgtcacataagtgacgatgaacggcgaacttaatgcgatcttttttgtcagtagataGtattttgcgccaaattgcca
>ECK125137592_ygiQp1_reverse_3161310_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttatttcggtcagccttcctgggcgcacttcccgttctacttcaacagtcagacgctgGaaatggcggaccgtggctcg
>ECK125137631_ygjIp1_forward_3226142_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catgaagcgtatcggtttatctgcaataacgcggtcaaaaaagtggttctcaaagtcaccAtcgaagatggttatttccat
>ECK125137632_ygjIp2_forward_3226070_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaccgtgaatatttaaaaggctgcggagaaaccgttgaggtccacgaagggcaaatcgttAtttgcgatatccatgaagcg
>ECK125137636_ygjQp4_forward_3236365_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcatgatcgtggtgcacgagctggcgcacctgaaggagaaagagcataacaaagcgtttTaccagttgtgttgtcatatg
>ECK125137647_yhaHp7_forward_3252249_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcgccttcacggcactttattaattccttgaacgaatatttactgccatttcattcacgTctattcttaatttgctgctt
>ECK125137652_yhaIp12_forward_3252825_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgttatataaattacctataaaaaataaccatgtatttatcttaaatatcaaaacctttAtaacatccgaaaaagaaaga
>ECK125137649_yhaIp9_forward_3252700_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttggaccagatccaaaactggaaccttaaaacaaatctgctcgccggatgtctgactcaTccggcttttatcattatgtt
>ECK125137656_yhaKp4_forward_3254274_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttcgttctcattcaggaaatttgaacataccgggcagaatatctggctaacaatgtagcGtccagccccttaccataaaa
>ECK125137681_yhbUp1_forward_3301329_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tccaacacgagttttactccctgtttcaacaatcatcctattttgccatatcagaaaaatAacatagcggtataaatcaac
>ECK125137683_yhbUp7_forward_3301279_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtacactcaacagagatggccccaaatgcacaatacgggaacgcagtttatccaacacgaGttttactccctgtttcaaca
>ECK125137698_yhcAp1_forward_3362039_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttagctataactcggacagattatgccctatgacatggtctgtcttaatcaatctcatcGcaaacagtgcataacatata
>ECK125137708_yhcMp1_reverse_3380156_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccaattagcgcatattcccaggtcatgaacatctcccgttgtcttttgtttccgtagggtGttggcttcaggctccatgcc
>ECK125137712_yhcOp1_reverse_3386210_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggctggcggggatgctccataagtatcaacatgcgttgaccgatagttaagtcaaaaccgAcgccaaaagcgtcggttttt
>ECK125137725_yhdHp1_forward_3403280_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacttatactgaatggcgttgtagaaacttagcgaacagcccagcaaagtcacaaaaattGttaacccggtgagcagcgta
>ECK125137728_yhdUp1_forward_3412497_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actctgcggaagaactggcgaaagtgaaaaaaagaaagaccggcaacctgtcaaaacgaaGccggttaagcgaagttgacc
>ECK125137756_yhfYp1_reverse_3511617_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaggcgatgtcgatgcggtgatctggaacgtggtggcggaaaacgaactgaccatgctggGattagaggcgacgccgctca
>ECK125137773_yhgFp2_forward_3537176_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttccgtattgtcggctacgatgaaatttttggccgtaaagattacatctctatcgattCcccgatggcccgcgcattgc
>ECK125137819_yhiMp11_forward_3634817_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgatatctcgtcattatattaacaggatgaaattatcattaatgcatatttcaatattaGcagggatacctgaggagttt
>ECK120016708_yhjJp_reverse_3682016_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tgagttcaggtttatttcacttcttccgtgacattttcatgttcttgcggtctaacacgaAgtgtttttaacgtcatttag
>ECK125137831_yhjRp10_reverse_3696283_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtgattttagtcttttcgtttttaactttttctgttgcgtaacggaaagtcaaaaagtgAgcaaattcccgtctcgccgt
>ECK125137833_yhjRp12_reverse_3696215_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cccgtctcgccgtaaacaataaaccggcgaaatgctcacggttagaattgtctcatgaacGgtacggttatttcataggga
>ECK125137834_yhjRp13_reverse_3696375_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtttactagcgaaagctaagaaataaacctaccattgaaattaaaacttatcagatttaGcatgtgaatcaatttagaag
>ECK125137830_yhjRp5_reverse_3696356_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agaaataaacctaccattgaaattaaaacttatcagatttagcatgtgaatcaatttagaAggtcacaagacgtgtgattt
>ECK125137839_yhjXp6_reverse_3712097_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggtgaataattgtcgcgtcattcattcctgaactaaggcatttcattccgttctgatggcAtttcatgccgtttttcccca
>ECK125137852_yiaBp1_reverse_3727797_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attaatatttagtatgaatttattctgaaaatcatttgttaatggcatttttcagttttgTctttcgttggttactcgtaa
>ECK120033257_yiaKp2_forward_3742720_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tatatttgaaatcaagtttcgcatattgaaattttaagccaaaaaagcgatcaaaaaaacAaggaagcctgggatgaaagt
>ECK125137876_yibBp6_reverse_3793834_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atagaggtgcaaggatgctaattgcaacaaactagtttgggttttagctagtccttcatgGcggatgttggttttgcatgt
>ECK125137868_yibGp6_forward_3768064_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaatggatacagtgctaacagcaccaacgaaccttaattcaaataaggatctaatggctAtaacaacaaaagaccttggt
>ECK120016718_yicJp_reverse_3836664_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
aaaacaagttgatttgatatattaaatgaacaaattaatcttgatggcagtctgattattGgtgaagtttatagtcagttt
>ECK125137893_yicNp4_reverse_3842509_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggctttatgtcgtactgcatcatgaaagtatgcaccgggcgctggcgcgatctgaacctGtgtgtggtggtggtcgcagc
>ECK125137894_yicOp1_reverse_3843957_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggtattcagcccggctaatgtgatgaaatttatggttaatagaattattcatatttttCtcattttgattttatcaatt
>ECK125137897_yicOp11_reverse_3843819_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcaattgaaatgtgataattatcactgaaccgttgttgtcatttgttttacaaaagcaaGggattaaatctcctccaatg
>ECK125137895_yicOp5_reverse_3843880_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatttgattattatttatcataaagaaacgtcgcgagattattaaagaatatccattaatGtgcaattgaaatgtgataat
>ECK120010004_yidQp_forward_3867544_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccagaacacccatcaggcgcgtcctcatcggctacgatgtaaaaatgggtctggaaatgaActtttcaagccttatcagcg
>ECK120016709_yieEp_forward_3893829_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
aaagttgtaataagcttgtctgaatcgaacttttagccgctttagtctgtccatcattccAgtaaatgattactcttgtat
>ECK125137905_yieHp4_forward_3896657_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttgatgactcattatctatttccgaacaaggagggaaaatccgtcgctatcgtataccaAaatgcgacaataggcgcgtt
>ECK125137908_yieKp2_reverse_3899464_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actgagcttgagcagaaaaaaattaactttgattaccaggaatatccgggtctgaaccatGaaatggatgtctggcgacca
>ECK125137942_yihFp1_forward_4044175_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttctgataatgcatcctgccgctggacattatttcagcataagtggatattcaaagttttGctgttttatcagggaatatt
>ECK125137943_yihFp4_forward_4044055_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgttcagcagtatgctgatacagtgaaatatctgtccgagaaaaaataattcaatgtaaAttacataaagcccgtgaata
>ECK125137949_yihLp2_forward_4060253_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcgtcgccgcgccaaccgcgcaccgaaagacgattaatttcgttttttagtcataaaaaAcctgccagcgatggcaggtt
>ECK125137952_yihNp5_forward_4062166_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acaaatcaaacaagaggcaaaccatcttctgaaccactaataagttttaactcatacgcaGttaataaaaccattccatat
>ECK125137955_yihQp1_reverse_4069446_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgttttttaatatttacggacagagaaaataacttgtattgattagcagtcaaaatcattGaagaacatttcactcgctaa
>ECK120009970_yiiSp_forward_4112869_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
gcaaatgacaatacccggaaaatccttctgaactcttcaccttaagcaatatcaaaaaaaAtggtaatccataagatcatt
>ECK125137977_yijEp5_forward_4136089_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcggctgcttgctggcagtcgctgaacgttctttaccagcgtatagtgggcgaacgaaaActacacactggatctctcat
>ECK125138007_yjcEp7_forward_4279835_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcgttatcgccgtggcgctggtgaccttctatgcgggtggctgggctatctaatctttcAtcggattctgaaaacgggtg
>ECK125138038_yjfPp5_forward_4416935_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cattatgaactaataccgccagcagaaacttgtgctaaggatttcttcatgtcataccagAcaaaaaggagagacagatga
>ECK125138073_yjgZp1_forward_4501058_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcccgtcacccggacagacaccgttatggacttctcttgttgcacgatcgatcaattgttAtgcatgctgacaccacaacc
>ECK125138078_yjhBp7_forward_4503882_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atatctggcgaacattgttttttgttggtgacccaaaactgtaggtgggtatcagttttaTctttcatagagtgaaatatg
>ECK125138089_yjhGp4_reverse_4524226_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tactacaactgcccgctatttacgccctcgaaacaccgtttgtctcactgatcaaatacaGcatgcagtgtgtcgggctgc
>ECK125138104_yjiAp7_reverse_4589048_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcggggctttgttcttatcagagtgaactatgtttggtaacttaggacaggcaaaaaaatAtctcggccaggcggcgaaga
>ECK125138093_yjiJp4_reverse_4562682_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caggctggcatgcttcacctttttgttattaacttgttaacaacaaaaatgacaaacaagGttaaacatgccttcgtccac
>ECK125138095_yjiKp7_reverse_4563730_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggctgacctgtccccccggcgaggaaatacaatgggtgatccctgggctgactgagtcaAtttattgccagcaggatggt
>ECK125138105_yjiYp3_reverse_4591347_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accttactttacgcgcgcgtaactctggcaacatcactacaggatagcggtcaatttaccTcctcaaacgcaacgcaaacc
>ECK125138112_yjjAp1_reverse_4600337_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttccaaacgcccaaccgggatgctgaccaacagtaatatggaagagatgaccaagttgctGggcgaacgcgtgatggaccg
>ECK125138107_yjjLp6_reverse_4594844_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcacggttttatcaaaagataaataccgggaaattcccgcttacctatgctcacaatcaGtcgactaaaaatgtttttgt
>ECK125138109_yjjLp8_reverse_4594882_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cattaagtacggattaaaaacagcaaactattagcgggtgcacggttttatcaaaagataAataccgggaaattcccgctt
>ECK125138128_yjtDp8_forward_4640838_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaacaactcaaccgttagtacagtcaggaaatagtttagccttttttaagctaagtaaaGggctttttctgcgacttacg
>ECK125136415_ykfIp7_reverse_263818_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaatgccggaagctggatgaaacattcccgcactttatcctccagatggaatcgatgctgAccaccggtgaactcagcccc
>ECK125136444_ykgBp3_reverse_318376_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggataccattgctgatatagccagaaaatataatgcttcatcctggaaagtcacatcgatGcgaattgataataattcaac
>ECK125136449_ykgCp1_reverse_320215_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgttccttgtggagcgttaagcatcaacaaacggctaagggcatccatatcagactcctGagtggtttttgattacaaac
>ECK125136435_ykgJp2_reverse_304258_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attagtacgtaaaatcggtaacggctggaaatcattcaatactcacactatcgaaagttcCccagccaaccgcggtacgtt
>ECK125136443_ykgLp1_forward_311939_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taagcccccaagagccagattaagtgaagttaaacgaaggctgccagctgtcacaggaacGatggcctttttgtcagggca
>ECK125136521_ylbAp2_reverse_544056_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttgccgaaggggtcaaaacgttggcactcatgctttatcaacttgcctggcagaaataaGgagtcataaatgggatattt
>ECK125136739_ymdBp4_forward_1105738_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttgataaacagaaaaagctggctgtaatgaacatcgaatataactaagtttctgaacaaCtcacgttgctgagcagaaaa
>ECK125136784_ymfIp1_forward_1201440_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caacgctaaggattctctctggttgaaaatacttagctgttatgtgcctgtcttttcaccActtcaggctcggtggtatgc
>ECK125136787_ymfJp9_reverse_1202259_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctctataattggtactgtgattttctcaggaaaaccaagaagatacaaaatcaaagcctaAtcaatgtttatgaacctgct
>ECK125136820_ymgEp6_forward_1244579_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgactcacgcggaaaaactcctgactgacaaactgtctttggtttatcggtcacagttaAcaaaacttaatacaaatgcg
>ECK125136806_ymgFp1_forward_1218814_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catttcagcagggttattatttctataaacctgttacatacatcgacctggtcaaaattaTcctttctaaaccgaaggtga
>ECK125136952_yncBp4_forward_1518892_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaacggatggacatgtctggcctcaataaaataatgatgatgatgttatcaatactatcGaaaacagcccgaagcaacgg
>ECK125136976_yneEp5_reverse_1609182_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtccgttgtgctaataacaccgttacttctgaacccggtttcgaccgggtttcttatttcAccatattagttacaacatcc
>ECK125136978_yneFp7_reverse_1611874_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agggtacctttatttgccgccgctgtcagcgaacatgctatcttggttcggtcagtattgAtagtctggatttctggcctt
>ECK125137005_ynfAp7_reverse_1655679_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagggtgtttatattgatgatattatgtcgccctataactatacatgatgtcaataagagAcaaagatgattaaaacaacg
>ECK125137007_ynfDp6_forward_1657414_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttagagaaactggccatctcaggggtaaatgaaagtgttacctctgtgcggtcacatcctGtgaggaatatcgcgagtaag
>ECK125136993_ynfOp1_forward_1636727_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caggtatcgtattaattgatctgcatcaacttaacgtaaaaacaacttcagacaatacaaAtcagcgacactgaatacggg
>ECK125137067_yniAp1_forward_1807719_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctgggaggaatggaatagcaacagaaaataaatggtttttgggcaataatcagtctgtgGtgtgcgttagctcgtgtttt
>ECK125137069_yniAp7_forward_1807579_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggatgatgagggaaatatccatgagctgggaactaacacttttggacttatcagtacccaAagtgaagaagaaattagaga
>ECK125137063_yniDp6_forward_1805101_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaacgcagaaacagtgaccatgtgcacaacgccacccgacggctgtaataacaaaaaatcCcttgatgcctgtcccttttg
>ECK125137081_ynjIp1_reverse_1845011_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggctgcaccgcgtaaacgtagtgcgaaaaaaagtccgccagcagatgaagtcggaagcggGgcgatagcgtaagcgagtga
>ECK125137109_yoaCp1_forward_1893966_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcaactctggttttctttcttagctgaacaatctggttatagcgtgcggactgaccgttAaatttctccatcttactgga
>ECK125137112_yoaHp1_reverse_1894933_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttctttaccgaaagtggttaaagtgcaaatcggctcggcgaccacaatatcaaagcggctAtacggatgatcggcatagcc
>ECK125137187_yodBp16_forward_2042294_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccattgcttatattggctggttacaatatgcactatcaattttttaaataacaaattattAaaaccacatctgtataagga
>ECK125137255_yohCp3_reverse_2225679_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaaggacgttcatcagacagtgaaaattacatgggcgaacaaaaaataatcacaagctgActtatacttgaactgtcagg
>ECK125137257_yohDp2_forward_2225763_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcccatgtaattttcactgtctgatgaacgtcctttttcagcgtgaatgattcacagggtGtatgcttactggcaaccaaa
>ECK125137361_ypdIp1_forward_2494494_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgccgccatcatattgggtgagcatgaaatgagaaatcagagagcaacggtcattttgaaAgggttatcttacagttgtag
>ECK125137392_ypfMp2_reverse_2591070_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaataatattaaacatttttaacgtaaacattaagaatattcatcttgttatctgtctgtAttttaaccagaattaaatca
>ECK125137459_ypjAp8_reverse_2782822_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttcatcatgatgtctttgatgagcggtgaacacaatacacttgcgctgtctcttcaggAtgaatcccctggtctggtgc
>ECK125137508_yqeFp1_reverse_2985624_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctttgtgataaaaatcactttttttaaacaattaagataactgtaattaacaatcatttActattgcactgttaattggt
>ECK125137510_yqeFp11_reverse_2985809_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctttagaccaaatattagacattatctgaacgtatcatctacaaattaaacaaaatggaGggcaatttaccataaaccag
>ECK125137509_yqeFp8_reverse_2985701_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctacccctctattggtgggttagtggttgcaaaccttacgtgccagttatgtctctgactGctgctcaggcatatttcctt
>ECK125137511_yqeGp1_forward_2985719_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaaaaagtgatttttatcacaaaggaaatatgcctgagcagcagtcagagacataactgGcacgtaaggtttgcaaccac
>ECK125137516_yqeIp1_forward_2988344_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacgaaaaattcagaagcattacgaaatatgaatttacaaacaatagtggcataaatgttAaccatgttaatttacgtaaa
>ECK125137523_yqeKp12_reverse_2990570_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttttcttatttttgttctcctgatcaggaactaatggttgcagtggtaggctattattaAtatttcgtggcttcatttta
>ECK125137545_yqfAp10_reverse_3043364_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgaaaaacatgcagagcaggaaaatatgaccctgactgaactgaaaaaagtcattgctgAcatctatcccggtcagacac
>ECK125137562_yqgAp1_forward_3109534_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctttgcgaacaaacaagccatcgacggcaccaaacggtcataataagaaaatcaaacaatAcagctaacaggaactcttgt
>ECK125137548_yqgBp1_reverse_3086250_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccgtggaggtgatacgaaataatgaaccgttgtctgctgcttaacctgtctcaccgttcTggtgaagattcgttccccgc
>ECK125137590_yqhCp1_reverse_3155384_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcatcgtgaggaatttgttcgcgtaaaccagcgattgcgcctttaccaaacagaatgcgGgttggggtgtgcagattaaa
>ECK125137612_yqiCp1_forward_3184831_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttctggtttatgacttacccttatcgcactacaatggcactcaacacctatcagtacaggGaaactacaatgattgacccg
>ECK120010007_yqjAp2_forward_3247643_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gacctttgttacaattagattcaatttgaatttatgtttttgaatgctttcttatctcacGatttaacagggaatagttca
>ECK125137665_yraHp4_forward_3287365_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcttaaagttcagtctatttaatgttcaatgaaatatttctgcctgtataatctttaaagAtgttgaacatatattcacat
>ECK120010003_yraPp_forward_3296349_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atccgcattccttcgcatcgtagtgctcgcattcaggaaatgcatatgctgacggtaaatTgcctgtgcgatctgatcgat
>ECK120016576_yraPp2_forward_3296072_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
aacggagcggcccagcttacctgccattgcactaaatactgataatgttgtcttaacggcGattgccaacgatcgcttaca
>ECK125137678_yraRp1_reverse_3299012_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatcacttcgtgtccggctttacggaactcgtctgcgggtgaagtaaattctgaatcctcAaattcatcagtgattaaaac
>ECK125137762_yrfFp6_forward_3526274_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aattgcatgttatttacatttatgtaacttaataaataatcgtcctcaaatcaaattaaaAgtcaataggttgaaataact
>ECK125137786_yrhBp9_forward_3584720_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcatttaataatatctttgacgaagatgaacgcgtctttgctcaatgtatcacacaggaAtaataatataacactcaaca
>ECK125137851_ysaBp1_reverse_3725902_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tagtggtgtgaatcatcaccaccattaaacacgctatccctcgcaggttatcaatccagtAaattttgggctgcatctgtg
>ECK125138046_ytfHp6_forward_4434104_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcttgtgtttaaatacgctaacacctaaacttacttttagtaagtacgtacaaaaaggtAagtatgaaatgagtcaggtt
>ECK120010005_ytfJp_reverse_4439286_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcgggaaattcgataaatagcacatatgattaaaactcagacccaagtggtcggatcaccTgcatatcataagaaggaaac
>ECK125138053_ytfQp6_forward_4449817_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttaagacggtatacagagcaggaaaatccataaccgtagccgcatttttcatagtgagAtgaaagcgattacaaacttg
>ECK125136964_adhPp5_reverse_1553994_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctctgccgaagccctgcaacaggccattgacgataatttctggcaagccgaataccgcgActaccgccgtacctccatct
>ECK120009893_aerp_reverse_3219120_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aattgcgatctaaatcaaattaatcggttaaagataaccgcagcggggccgacataaactCtgacaagaagttaacaacca
>ECK125137639_alxp3_forward_3238555_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttgccggaaggcgaggtctatgcataaaaagcagcggctgacgtcttccgacgttggccGtttttttatgtgtaaggaac
>ECK125136492_ampGp6_reverse_453684_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accaaaaactatcgtgccagctacaacgttgaaggtgcgttccaggcctccaacaaaaatAtcgccgatgcggttaacagt
>ECK125137915_aspTp1_forward_3946780_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtggtcccacctgaccccatgccgaactcagaagtgaaacgccgtagcgccgatggtagtGtggggtctccccatgcgaga
>ECK125136355_caiEp3_reverse_35499_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggcgattgcggcgctgaaagagatctaccgcaccaccagcgaaatgccggtagaagaaGcgtatcgctatattcgcagc
>ECK125136357_caiEp7_reverse_35399_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catcggttctgcattcggaagatgccattgaagggccgctggcgtttgccgagaagcgcgAtccggtgtggaaaggacgtt
>ECK125137075_chbGp5_reverse_1817312_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gataaagtaatggggctgattcacaccattaaaggcttcgagattgctgccagtaacgccGcacttagcggagaatttaac
>ECK125137208_cldp10_reverse_2098475_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgacgtcattatctctaaccgaatggcagaagagcttaaggatgtggcagataaggtatAcacccgcgatctctttggca
>ECK125136672_clpSp7_forward_922912_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taagctcttgtcagcggcagggcgttctgccgataaccgtaaccgaagatgataactgacAatgggtaaaacgaacgactg
>ECK125136578_cobCp6_reverse_670046_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataacccggaagatcttcaccttcagcctgccggtaaaatttatctggctgaaacgccgtGgtttaacatctcggcgacca
>ECK125137806_dcrBp8_forward_3609913_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tccgaaatcaacgctttgcaggcgagttaaaggttcgttatcagagttgtgataagatggAtgaatgagccgttatggccg
>ECK125137106_dmlAp4_forward_1881712_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtaacaacaccacgtttagcgtttgctccagcaaggcgatgcgcttgctgacgaacgccGgtgaaacgcccagttcttcc
>ECK125136390_dxrp4_forward_193338_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgacaaagtgaaagcactgttgaaagataaagagatcagcgaagacgacgatcgccgttCtcaggacgatgtacagaaac
>ECK125137290_ecop7_forward_2303851_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgtctgaatgttctttaagttattcataaagcaaattaataaatctgatgaatatgttaAccttcagcgacatcatcggt
>ECK120009892_flgKp_forward_1138351_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gaacattgataatctgttctgaataactcaagtccggcgggtcgctgccgataatactctGtaattgaaggcttataagga
>ECK120009891_flgMp_reverse_1130165_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gaatattcttataaacctgtaagctgttaaagattacccgtcccttgccgataaataagcAacacatgataaaagcgccct
>ECK125137156_flhCp3_reverse_1977932_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgacagccaccagacgattactcagttgacgcaagattcccgcgttgacgatctccagcAaattcataccggcatcatgc
>ECK120010568_fliAp2_reverse_2001808_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acccactaatcgtccgattaaaaaccctgcagaaacggataatcatgccgataactcataTaacgcagggctgtttatcgt
>ECK120009887_fliCp_reverse_2003676_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[FP|S|Footprinting]_Strong
aaaaatggctgtttttgaaaaaaattctaaaggttgttttacgacagacgataacagggtTgacggcgattgagccgacgg
>ECK120016224_fliEp_reverse_2013093_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gaaaaattgacgctcccattatttgtgctttcgtttttttctatccgccaataaacccgtTtttttgttgctatttagcgc
>ECK120016703_fliFp_forward_2013205_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
caatttttcgagtttgctgacccgggagtgagtcttgttccactttgccaataacgccgtCcataatcagccacgaggtgc
>ECK120010634_fliLp2_forward_2019595_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccgcgtcttttccccgctttgttgcgctcaagacgcaggataattagccgataagcagtaGcgacacaggaagaccgcaac
>ECK120009886_flxAp_forward_1646388_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aacaattaatgacacaagaaatacgattaaagatttttttgtgcatgccgatagtgctttTttaaaaggagaaatctatgt
>ECK125137968_frvRp4_reverse_4089902_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttcaaaagccgattacgaagctctgctcacgctgatacggggttttctgacgaccttaActgcggagaaagtcaacgcg
>ECK125137364_fryAp6_reverse_2504493_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcttacgcgtgagacggttgttcaactgacggatttcagatgatctcctgattaacccgGagcggttatgttaacgattc
>ECK125136624_galMp4_reverse_788898_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgcgctgatcccggaagagctggtgcctgccgtacagcaagctgtcgctgaacaatatgAagcaaaaacaggtattaaag
>ECK125137847_ghrBp2_forward_3717189_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacccaatcgccagcaacagcaccgcagaaggtaaggcgcaaaaccgccgtgtagaaattAccttaagcccgctgtaatcc
>ECK125137572_glcAp12_reverse_3121321_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgctgtaaagtataacgcctatattttacagttcagtcctcttttgcttattacaacctTaagtatatcaagcatataaa
>ECK125137911_glmSp2_reverse_3913811_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actcagaaagaaggctggcgtcgtccggtaaagaaaaagtgattctggccggctaacccgGtcacatgggatgaggagata
>ECK125137772_greBp8_forward_3536744_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgttacaaagcatattaaacagcagcttaagtatacaatttattcggcgaaacattattGattctgttgatatgatcacg
>ECK125137917_hdfRp6_reverse_3948160_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caactcattgaaggcataaccatgacgctcaagcagttgtgcctctttgatggtgaaatcAccatgacgagagaatccacg
>ECK120015403_hemLp_reverse_174921_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcaccagtacaagcagcctgatgtttgacgagtatttaacttgttatgaataacatagaaTagcagccattcactttttct
>ECK125109035_hemLp1_reverse_174902_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
gatgtttgacgagtatttaacttgttatgaataacatagaatagcagccattcactttttCtacgaatcaggaaccctcca
>ECK125109036_hemLp2_reverse_174941_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tactctaagaaatcaggattgcaccagtacaagcagcctgatgtttgacgagtatttaacTtgttatgaataacatagaat
>ECK125137766_hslOp3_forward_3529733_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgccgcacccggaccgacgcccggacaaaaaagagcgccgcgacctgttacgatttaaacAcggcgacagtgaataactgt
>ECK125137914_hsrAp6_reverse_3940706_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcacgtcaattaccagcgacacagtgataaagctggatctgcatcaggcgattgtcgatGcgattatccaaagcgatggc
>ECK125137199_insHp4_reverse_2067511_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctaaatgttgaagaattatcccgcctgctgaagaacgttgctctgagtgtgataaaccttTttattcttgatgatgtcagc
>ECK125136882_insHp7_forward_1395971_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcagcgatcattgttttatcaggctcctccagataattgtcgtcatgccggaaacccctGgcggggctattttaccgcga
>ECK125136552_insLp5_forward_608056_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcggggagtaatcccataagcgctaacttaagggttgtggtattacgcctgatatgatttAacgtgccgatgaattactct
>ECK125137473_ispFp2_reverse_2871911_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttacatgactgtctgacgcgcgctctaaatgaaggcgcgactattaccgacgaagcctcgGcgctggaatattgcggattc
>ECK125137430_kgtPp7_reverse_2725760_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatatttcctttacaaaaaaaataaacaaaagcgaccgacaaaagcatcggattacggcaGgagacataatggcatggctg
>ECK120015438_lolBp_reverse_1263556_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttgccgaaagccgttagattctggcaattaagacaacttgaacatagacgatagcggacgGtaacgctagcattaagggtt
>ECK125136768_lolCp6_forward_1175374_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatttacgggggcttttcagattagccctgacgatcacttacagttcagacgtttacccaTcttgctttcgcttatatact
>ECK120029594_modAp1_forward_794995_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ccgcttagtcgggcattttctttttctcaacttcctgcttttcctgccgatattttttctTatctacctcacaaaggttag
>ECK120009888_motAp_reverse_1977302_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
accgccatcccgggcagtaaaaagacgtaaactttcccagaatcctgccgatattatcccAcaactgctggatgaacagag
>ECK125137685_nlpIp2_reverse_3309040_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagaagcgactgagcagtctcaacctgctgcagcaccggaagctccggctgctgaacaggGcgagtaaggttgccatttgc
>ECK125137761_nudEp9_reverse_3526329_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caagcgtggagtttaacttgagcatcattaagcacatcacagtaaccgctgatcatagcaAaccctctgaaggcggaatat
>ECK125136777_nudJp6_reverse_1194437_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcggaatccaccaattcgtgaacgcaaaagtattcccaccagctggctgaagatcacctTatatgaaggacgtaatcgcc
>ECK120010266_oppAp_forward_1301085_[NTAS|W|Non-traceable author statement],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
atcgtctgaatcaccagaataaataaagtcggtgatagtaatacgtaacgataaagtaacCtgacagcagaaagtctccga
>ECK125137406_pbpCp1_reverse_2647493_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttactgaaccagatgcagcaggcgagcattaagcacattgagttccgtgacgatcgctttGtggcggcggttgccgttgat
>ECK125137982_pflDp4_forward_4143858_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atggtgattctgaccaaagatatcggcatcaagtttgaagagcgttttgctggcaagaccAtcgtgcgcgtcaacatcagc
>ECK125136863_pgpBp8_forward_1339182_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggttggcagtttggcttctgccacacgtttaagctgcatgaaattctccagataatgctgGttctgtattggcttattttg
>ECK120029592_ppdAp_reverse_2964220_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gaaattttgcaacgtcctgcaacggcgtaaatagtccggaagatgcgccgaagaaatagaAactggccctcgtcttttttt
>ECK125137394_ppkp5_forward_2622874_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgccgcgtggctggatggtcaacgtctgccgccgcagggctacgctgccgacgagtaatAcccccgtaattaaagcgcca
>ECK125137123_prcp1_reverse_1915027_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaggcgctgaacgtaaacctcgtgcgcaaaagccggtagagaaagcgccaaaaacagtaAaagcacctcgcgaagaacag
>ECK125137989_purDp1_reverse_4205986_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taatccagcctggcggttctatccgtgatgacgaagtgattgccgccgccgacgagcacgGtattgcgatgctcttcaccg
>ECK125137296_rcsCp5_reverse_2319979_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaatccactagtcttgtccggtatatgacgattatcagaggttaaggtgatgatttctcGgcggtgtatcatattccaga
>ECK125137931_rhtCp2_forward_4007739_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatgacgaagagtagtcagcagcataaaaaagtgccagtatgaagactccgtaaacgtttCccccgcgagtcaaatgtatg
>ECK125137996_rluFp6_forward_4230162_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttacccggcagcgtcgagttactcaataaaagcagttccattacttctccggttagtaagAaatcacgggaggcatgctac
>ECK125136562_rnkp7_reverse_644180_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtaactgtggcaaaacctttgtgattgataaagcgggttattaatcatctgatttacaaaAcacgctaattcgtcttccat
>ECK125137796_rsmDp11_forward_3604315_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctcctcgctgttgcttcatggcacagcgttaacgctatgtacatagcagctaaaaaaatgAtgaaatagtctatcacttaa
>ECK125137673_rsmIp6_reverse_3293393_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacaacaggcagacaacgcgcggctttcaaacgagaaaatgttgagggtaccataatgtaTccagtgatattttttttacg
>ECK125137777_rtcAp6_reverse_3556948_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attcgtgccaccgcgcatgtggaatgccgtaaagatgccgaagtgatcgacgaaatcccgAtggcgtataaagatattgat
>ECK125137745_slyDp5_reverse_3478540_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccggactagcgatatgcgccgagtttttttaagctagtgagtacacggctgcagaattccGctacaatctgcgccactatt
>ECK125138060_tabAp5_forward_4474783_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccttgacccgaaaggcgggaaagcgcctgccgataagttgtgataagacaataattcacGcgttaaggctagcggaattg
>ECK120009894_tarp_reverse_1972716_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
caatttcgcggcgggtggcatcagcaataaagtttcccccctccttgccgataacgagatCaacttgttttcaggaaggtg
>ECK125137722_tldDp7_reverse_3392184_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgacgctgtgcgtcttatcaggcctacaaacggaacataaccgtaggtcggataaggcgTttacgccgcatccgacagcc
>ECK125136723_torTp7_forward_1056207_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atccagagtcttcgggtcagggttaaattcacggtcggtgcactttaggtgaaaaaggttGagtcgcaaagcggaatgcat
>ECK120034223_trgp1_forward_1492439_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgtgacgcaaagaggtttttggtcataagtaattaccgtcaagtgccgatgactttctatCaggagtaaacctggacgaga
>ECK125136851_trpAp8_reverse_1317241_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggtggttaacctttccggtcgcggcgataaagacatcttcaccgttcacgatattttgaAagcacgaggggaaatctgat
>ECK120009889_tsrp_forward_4591633_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctcggcgtaatctccgcgggatattcataaagtttttcctttccaggccgaaaatcttgcAtcggtccacaggaaagagaa
>ECK125137936_ubiEp4_forward_4018747_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcggtcggttccggagcagccgaatgatgaagcttatcaacgcgatgatgaatataatcAgcagtcgcgctagcccattg
>ECK120015380_vesp_reverse_1824984_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agttgtaaaaaaagcctgatcaccactaacgtaaatcacccgagttgccgataaccatccAcggttacctgaacgataaca
>ECK125136427_yagGp9_forward_285207_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaaaaagcgctcggaatttaattattttaagagataaaaccgtctgcggaatatttcccGcagacggctttgttgttttt
>ECK125136480_yaiIp3_forward_405723_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaattcattgttttgataatcgctggcagaagcataaacagaactatgccggaaggcaaaAgcgcgacacaatagaggatt
>ECK125136500_ybaMp3_reverse_490324_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacgctgcatcgtgaagtggaagcctatgaagcgcgcctggcacgctgccgccatgcgctGgaaaaaatcgaaaacaggtt
>ECK125136504_ybaNp9_forward_490879_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acctcaatgaaaatgataattgttatgctaaagtagccactctgtaagctgacaacactcAatatgcaacgaatcatttta
>ECK125136495_ybaYp3_forward_475245_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgcagcaagccaaagtgagttgagtataacgcaaatttgctactggtccgatgggtgcaAtggtctgaattacgggctaa
>ECK125136515_ybbJp1_reverse_515077_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcgaacgtcagtcggcgtttttacaggctgaagcgcgtgaacgttccgccgaagcagaaGcccgcgccaccaaaatggtg
>ECK125136550_ybdJp5_reverse_606264_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatggcggctcgctgattgggctggtgaaaaagcattgtgagatctgggccggtgactaaGccgggaattgccttacagaa
>ECK125136603_ybfAp8_forward_729082_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
agtggtcggatgagtagtaaaattacacaaaaggcggtactattttcatcagataaacaaAttcatttttccggtgccatt
>ECK125136635_ybhNp5_reverse_822648_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcagcaggtggatgaaaccatgctgcccaaacgcacctggtggaacctgaccaaaagcgtGctggcgttccactttttacg
>ECK125136655_ybiWp4_reverse_862783_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gggctttaatgccgacgaaacctctgtaaaagccattaccgattttgccgccgacgagctGcacgttggcgaaattcattt
>ECK125136639_ybiXp2_reverse_839274_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgtcgcctcaatcaacaagagcggctaccgttatcacccgggcgagccaagaaccttctTgctcacagccaatatgcatt
>ECK125136691_ycaIp8_forward_964108_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaaatacgttcctcactttaaacctggtaaagaactgcgcgatcgcgccaatatttacgGttaagttttttactcaaact
>ECK125136740_yceIp5_reverse_1118641_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggtaaaccgatcagcgtttttggctggtttgacgtccccgcgacccttgccgacgctggcGcacaggcagactttgccggt
>ECK125136775_ycfDp5_reverse_1188270_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgaaagatgaataaatatgcccatacttcacgcattacgttaagcatccgttataatcgGttgcagataccagcctgtgg
>ECK120009895_ycgRp_reverse_1244556_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
catgtaaaaaatattcacgcatttgtattaagttttgttaactgtgaccgataaaccaaaGacagtttgtcagtcaggagt
>ECK125136919_ydcFp4_forward_1487231_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagagtgctccgcttctcactattatctcacgcagtattcttaagggaacgataaggaggAaccatgaacattaccccgtt
>ECK120029596_yecFp_forward_1995717_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gataaaaatatttattggtcattatattaacgtattttatagcactgccgatatcacgctCaaaaaacaaccactgctatt
>ECK125137166_yecHp5_reverse_1989652_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataaaaacacttcccagggttctgtttttcacgctttcttctgtcctgacgatctttatgAgtgatatctgcggcgcaggt
>ECK125137164_yecJp4_reverse_1987802_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctccggcaggtttttttgtgtcctgatgacggtggatgtgactatcgctgaagatgtgaAgtcgctactataacggcttt
>ECK125137181_yedVp6_reverse_2038202_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtggacgtcgccattcgcaggctccgcgcaaaagttgatgatccttttcctgaaaagctaAttgccacaatccgggggatg
>ECK125137278_yeiRp3_forward_2267742_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caggcgctattaaacaccctcaaaatttaacgatttctgcggttaaagcggatgaagctcAccttcgtccgctctcccctt
>ECK125137304_yfaDp5_forward_2356690_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacctgtaaatggcagattgagatgtccacaagtcttcgctgcgaacatccgattacgctActggcccaggcgctggctta
>ECK125137357_yfdPp9_forward_2473572_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctgacagttgagaaaatgccgctgcctgaagcttcgcaacgttaagctgataaacattcGacgcattgcggttatgatga
>ECK125137381_yfeXp5_reverse_2550678_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accagttcagcggggaatggcgtggtcctgaagggttaatgccttcggacgataccctgaAaaactggaaagtcagtaaaa
>ECK125137382_yfeZp3_reverse_2551921_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgtggtcggaacggtgatgggcggttatgacgggcatcgcgggtctgcttattatcttgGcgtgcatccagagtttcgtg
>ECK125137439_yfiRp8_forward_2741702_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacaatgttgaaaatgccagccaactgcatgaagtatggcaaaaaggggctgatgaaaatGccagcacaatacgattaaat
>ECK120029593_ygbKp_forward_2862197_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
cccgcattcagccgtcgatatttttgttaaggatcttggtctggttgccgatacagccaaAgccctgcacttcccgctgcc
>ECK125137491_ygdGp2_forward_2930873_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtaccagcgagccgcgcgtctgcctcgataaagttatcgaaaccatgtacgaaacaggtaAagatatgaacgccaagtacc
>ECK125137503_ygdRp5_forward_2971247_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttaagattttcctgctttcaagatatataacgtcggtttataaacagactattatcataGgtaggccaaatgaggataac
>ECK125137561_yggLp3_reverse_3102254_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actgggaaccttatgcggaacatatgcttgaagtgatgtcttctattgacggttataaaaAcctgtcagagagcaatgatt
>ECK125137638_ygjQp6_forward_3236462_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcttgagttcgacacccgactgtggctaacgcagttgtcgcttgggcagaacaaaatctGaaaatgatgtcaggcgttat
>ECK125137703_yhcFp5_forward_3366889_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcctcacactgacaatggctccagcttttaaggatgaaggggaactaaccgacatgacagAtattacaggcaatctgacgg
>ECK125137709_yhcMp4_reverse_3380119_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttgtcttttgtttccgtagggtgttggcttcaggctccatgcctgcggctgattatgccActataaccgttaattccaca
>ECK125137818_yhiMp10_forward_3634635_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagactatccggtcttttaccaaataatgaagaataatccctccctggaagataattgtaAaaaacaacagcataagaatt
>ECK120009896_yhjHp_reverse_3679229_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gtgaggaaatttaccccggccaggcggtaaagttctgcccttacgcgccgataatctttgTcgagtccgggcagcatcact
>ECK125137920_yifBp9_forward_3949984_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catttactcccagggctgcgcgggtatgaacaattgacagtgacataagccctccttgagTcaccattatgtgcataagat
>ECK125137954_yihOp3_reverse_4065971_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctggctggtttcttccccggctggatgctgacgcaaattggctatgtgccgaacgtcgcAcaggctgaccacaccattga
>ECK125137988_yjaHp1_forward_4200511_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgtactggccgcaacccgcagaccggtaaagaaatcaaaattgccgcagctaacgtaccGgcatttgtttctggcaaggc
>ECK125138014_yjcOp3_reverse_4297330_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcctgtaacgagctggttaccgaaaacttaagcccgattacgaaaacgccggagtacaaAtactgcgccgttcgcgtcga
>ECK125109031_yjdAp1_forward_4327079_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaacaacacactaaatataaaattatttcttgcagtaattataaaagccgaaaacagaacTcaaaaacaatctggctaaat
>ECK125138028_yjdLp4_reverse_4356507_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctcactatccgggctttgaaaccgatattcacggtgcataccgtcaggctgatggccgctAtaccgttaaggtattgaaag
>ECK125138057_yjgAp11_reverse_4458046_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcttacgctaatgccggtggtcttgctgacggcaacttccgcaccgtccgatttgcctgAggccaactccagcgcagtgg
>ECK125138054_yjgAp5_reverse_4458081_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attgaattcaacattctccacttcaccataacgcgtgcttacgctaatgccggtggtcttGctgacggcaacttccgcacc
>ECK125138086_yjhUp8_reverse_4520540_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcacggtgacgaatcgctggcgatcaaaaaggggcgatattgaaccttcgattatgcttGatgggtgtattctcagtaat
>ECK125109033_ykfBp1_reverse_266158_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ccaggaggtgacggacccgtataccaaagaaaaatactttgagtacgcccatgacggcaaActgatggggcagctactgat
>ECK125109034_ykfBp2_reverse_266227_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tatgcaggaaaaaaccgtccagccactgatgaatgcgctgtgtattgccgataacatcaaActggaataccaggaggtgac
>ECK125136451_ykgCp8_reverse_320088_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcatgatttttgttttgtgattctgattaagaaaaagaaaatatcagacgataagacaaAatatcaagcgttgtgaagaa
>ECK125136737_ymdAp9_forward_1105412_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caacctgaaagtatggataacacaaccctcaaggatgactaatcattgaggaaatagaatAaatgttcagaccttttttaa
>ECK125136821_ymgEp7_forward_1244555_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgtttcaggaactgctcatggtaatgactcacgcggaaaaactcctgactgacaaactgTctttggtttatcggtcacag
>ECK125136954_yncDp11_reverse_1523276_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgcgatgaaaacagatgacgtaaatgcatgacgactccctttgatgaaccgatatttttGctgcttcacaatgcttcgct
>ECK125137079_ynjFp6_reverse_1841611_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcttcgatgcccagttcttcgcgtaactcacgcaccagcgcctgccgctgactttcatccGgctcgactttaccaccggca
>ECK120029595_ynjHp_reverse_1842163_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ataaccaaatgcgataactcagacgctaaagttttgccacccggctaccgttatcagtagCagagacaataacgttaagga
>ECK125109029_ynjHp2_reverse_1842188_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gcaaattaataacgagagtaatctcataaccaaatgcgataactcagacgctaaagttttGccacccggctaccgttatca
>ECK125137111_yoaCp7_reverse_1894112_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caccaatgaaatccagggctttatctattacagcaggcatattcttatccttaaaattaaCcatgttatcgataaggctat
>ECK125137185_yodBp14_forward_2042261_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacggccaacagagaaagatacctgtgctcacgccattgcttatattggctggttacaatAtgcactatcaattttttaaa
>ECK125137417_yphBp2_reverse_2674795_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttccatatggaaaaatgcgcccatgatctgacggactggaagctgtggccgcgtaacgccAttacccatcgcttctcgctg
>ECK125137520_yqeIp8_forward_2988415_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttacgtaaagttttacgttgcaacattaaagcctcatttcaatcatcatgataaatataAaattaatatatatttatgcc
>ECK125137677_yraQp4_reverse_3298207_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagcatgaaggcgtgacgattttaagctcttcagaattacgcaaaagagctgaataattaTtcccaagaattgatagtgag
>ECK125137765_yrfFp12_forward_3526403_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggttactgtgatgtgcttaatgatgctcaagttaaactccacgcttgccgatagccaaccGcagaatcatgtattgtgtcc
>ECK125138050_ytfIp11_forward_4437617_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagttataaataaaaagagattgtatttaaagtgcaaaaattcaattgctaataagttacAttttaataatgagcgttttt
>ECK125137715_aaeBp7_reverse_3388236_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gggcaccactgctacagtggtggtcactggcaaacaagatcgcgacgaaagccaggattcGttcttccgtaaaatggccca
>ECK120010468_ackAp_forward_2413459_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ggtgtcatcatgcgctacgctctatggctccctgacgtttttttagccacgtatcaattaTaggtacttccatgtcgagta
>ECK125138023_adiCp7_reverse_4337202_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acagtacgtcgtactttatttctgtctttaaagacttctacggtatgacgccgctgcattAtgttagtcagcacagagaac
>ECK125137333_alaAp9_forward_2407408_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagaatcagaacaattcactatataacattgcatgtaaagcatatacacctcattattttGtcattattaagttattaaca
>ECK125138020_alsEp3_reverse_4308667_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgcagaaccgcttgccggtatgggttttgaaacctatgccattgccagcgccatcattgGcggcaccagtttcttcggcg
>ECK125138018_alsKp1_reverse_4307995_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccggacaaccgttcattcctgaaatgctggataaacttgccgaactgaaggcatggcgtGaacgagaaggtctggagtac
>ECK125136490_ampGp4_reverse_453686_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgaccaaaaactatcgtgccagctacaacgttgaaggtgcgttccaggcctccaacaaaaAtatcgccgatgcggttaaca
>ECK125137163_araHp7_reverse_1983560_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagcaggcagatgagcgtcaggcactgagccttgcgatgcctaaagtcagccaggctgttGcctgagtaaggagagtatga
>ECK125136917_azoRp8_reverse_1482991_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gggcagtagtctgcctgattaattttcttttaaatgatagatatagagtaccacatcgcgGctttctatgcgttgttcaat
>ECK125136458_betAp5_reverse_327261_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagttacacccaggtgaagtccatccaggttgagatggctaaattccagtccatattctaAccaggaggtttatttgcaat
>ECK120016342_bssSp1_reverse_1121058_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
gctgttttattgttcatataaatcttaaaagcagaaatttatctgtttccccctttaaaaAttcggtgaatacccttactt
>ECK120016343_bssSp2_reverse_1121032_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
aaaagcagaaatttatctgtttccccctttaaaaattcggtgaatacccttacttattggTatactgaagttgcttcagat
>ECK125136356_caiEp5_reverse_35440_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcgtatcgctatattcgcagcggcgtgttgaaacactatccatcggttctgcattcggaAgatgccattgaagggccgct
>ECK120033609_canp_reverse_142703_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttacgttcttacactttatctgtggtttaaatcgtcccggagttgccctatattagccaaAcgtaattatttggttacagg
>ECK125137903_cbrAp6_forward_3869314_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggagcaaaggttatctgtttcatggcgcggtcctgatacaaaacgggtcccgccatcataCttcacaaggacttcactttc
>ECK125137155_cheWp5_reverse_1973462_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaacaccaggttgtggttaaaaaccttgaaagtaactatcgcaaagtccccggcatttcTgctgcgaccattcttggcga
>ECK125137206_cldp7_reverse_2098413_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acccgcgatctctttggcagcgactaacatcttgttatcagggctatttacgccctgattGtcttttgttacttacacaac
>ECK120010365_clpBp_reverse_2734205_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
ttttcacattaatctggtcaataaccttgaataattgagggatgacctcatttaatctccAgtagcaactttgatccgtta
>ECK120033634_clpPp3_forward_456605_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
gcgtaacaacaaaagattgttatgcttgaaatatggtgatgccgtacccataacacagggActagctgataatccgtccat
>ECK125136791_cohEp10_reverse_1203088_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccagcacaaaactggcttttttatagccattgaaaaccagccgtaagtagccaggtgttGagccaacttttccggccaac
>ECK120033625_creAp2_forward_4635243_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttaaacattctctgtaagtgccacttggaataacctgctttcgccgctacattgtcgagcGacaggggctgatccagatga
>ECK125136792_croEp4_forward_1202883_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctggtctgggttggctcgcgatcaatcatagtggcaaaggaagaattcccgccaacaccAtctctcagttttctggcgtt
>ECK125137461_csiRp5_forward_2795643_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgtgccaattatggctcgctggaaaaagctggtattgtggcaaaaaacacccgttcataAtacgcgctgatcatgatcag
>ECK125136715_cspHp12_reverse_1051284_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tagtaaactactttgtatgctgtctgtctttcaaaccgacgcagctattaacgcatgataAttgagattaagcaaatttta
>ECK125136712_cspHp8_reverse_1051205_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tattttagccgtccggcggtcttaaatatcgctggctttattttattaaccccgtatagtGcagcgcagtattttcagtaa
>ECK125137476_cysCp3_reverse_2874028_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccatctgaattcagtgcattcgaactggaattgaatgctctggttcgtcgccactttccGcactggggcgcgcgcgattt
>ECK125136989_dcpp3_reverse_1627422_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catagcacgggatgcttaagagcgggtaatactggattgcaagattgcactccgttatcaGtaagcctacgctatggaaca
>ECK125137805_dcrBp6_forward_3609930_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcaggcgagttaaaggttcgttatcagagttgtgataagatggatgaatgagccgttatgGccgtttatcgaaaggaagaa
>ECK125137340_dedAp2_reverse_2434940_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaagtcggtgcccacaaccagccggagagctggatagcagagttgctggcggcaaaggacAgaacgctggcggcagcaacg
>ECK125137338_dedDp2_reverse_2431868_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccggaactctggcctggttgaaaagcgtggttgatgactggtattgtgcgccactggaaGggccgcgcggtgccacggca
>ECK120010272_dnaKp1_forward_12048_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
gcacaaaaaatttttgcatctcccccttgatgacgtggtttacgaccccatttagtagtcAaccgcagtgagtgagtctgc
>ECK120010273_dnaKp2_forward_12123_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
gtctgcaaaaaaatgaaattgggcagttgaaaccagacgtttcgcccctattacagactcAcaaccacatgatgaccgaat
>ECK120010510_dnaKp3_forward_12144_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
ggcagttgaaaccagacgtttcgcccctattacagactcacaaccacatgatgaccgaatAtatagtggagacgtttagat
>ECK125136967_dosPp3_reverse_1565743_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagacgaggtagaaaccgtgttgaactctggaaagccagtctttagatgcgccaggatgcAgaggtaatcatgaagctaac
>ECK125138003_dusAp9_forward_4261600_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttcttttgcaatgagacaggcgcttcctgttgttatggtatagtaccccgctattgagCctcctgaatagtgatgctga
>ECK125136553_entDp1_reverse_610254_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcgtatacctataacgagccgggacgtacgtggtatatgagcgtaaacacccacttctgAtgctaacgtcagattgttga
>ECK120010971_exuRp_forward_3246508_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tggaccgtgttgcagaacaaaccggcgattgaggtggcgcaggaaacacataacgatcccGcaccgcaacattaacgtttc
>ECK125138080_fecEp3_reverse_4511530_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aggtgcgttgctgttggtggttgccgatctgctggcgagaattattcatcccccactggaGctcccggttggcgtgctgac
>ECK125138081_fecEp4_reverse_4511644_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taccggcgtggccgcctgcggcccgattagctttattggtctcgtggtgccgcatatgatGcgtagcatcaccggtggacg
>ECK125137755_frlAp17_forward_3499759_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcttgcccccgcccgtaaaaatattttcactttaaattcaatttgataactacatccattAgccacagcgcgatcctgtgc
>ECK125136364_fruRp8_forward_87947_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgttgggctttttttgcgaaatcagtgggaacctggaataaaagcagttgccgcagttaaTtttctgcgcttagatgttaa
>ECK125136656_fsaAp6_forward_863530_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggggccatcatgggtcgagtagcgctgaatattgaaaatcatagttgcctctctatttcgTtcaagcattaaaatactttc
>ECK125136507_fsrp8_reverse_504767_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcatccagattagaaattctgtattcggcgttgagacttccttcagacgacgcatacagGtatgttagtctggtaataat
>ECK125136508_fsrp9_reverse_504855_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atacttctctccctgacctgatttcaacgtgttgaaaaatagtatgacgcgacatcatagAcaagtctgcgtccggtgaag
>ECK125137595_ftsPp2_reverse_3162866_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attaatcttaatcgactgcacaacggtctggtgattgtcgaaatgctgccgccaattgacGtcagtcagtatggcaaagat
>ECK120009900_fxsAp_forward_4368603_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
ctaccaaaaatagttgcgcaaacatcttgaaattttgctaatgaccacaatataagctaaAcgcgattcgcaacccattca
>ECK120010335_gapAp2_forward_1862618_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
atcacatttttatcgtaattgccctttaaaattcggggcgccgaccccatgtggtctcaaGcccaaaggaagagtgaggcg
>ECK125137979_gldAp4_reverse_4139046_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcagctatagagaagttcgaacacgactggaatgccgcatttggcactactcatctctaAaggagcaattatggaccgca
>ECK125137778_glgPp1_reverse_3566773_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttgctgatacggtttctgactgttctcttgagaaccttgcagatggcgtcgccagtgggTttgtctttgaagatagtaat
>ECK125137619_glnEp5_reverse_3199753_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tactatgatcctgtcgtcgcgcaagcctggctggagaactggcaggggctgcatcacgctAttgcgaccgggcaacgcatc
>ECK120033614_glnSp2_forward_705999_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay]_Strong
aagcggtggagatcttctctgccgctttttttttcatcaatcatccccataatccttgttAgattatcaattttaaaaaac
>ECK125137780_gntUp2_reverse_3577085_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatgtactggtggtggatatcgatcaaccgctggaaggtgttgtggcaagcaccattgagGttattaaaaaaggcaaataa
>ECK125137771_greBp7_forward_3536780_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caatttattcggcgaaacattattgattctgttgatatgatcacgttatacccaatgtgcGcattatcaaacagacaaagg
>ECK120010058_groSp_forward_4370616_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
cagaattttttttctttttcccccttgaaggggcgaagcctcatccccatttctctggtcAccagccgggaaaccacgtaa
>ECK120010367_grpEp_reverse_2750747_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
gattgatgacaatgtgagtgcttcccttgaaaccctgaaactgatccccataataagcgaAgttagcgagatgaatgcgaa
>ECK125137415_hcaTp6_reverse_2667928_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacatgcgtcgcggatctcagttttttagtgcttgtgaactggcgttacagacatcgggaAgcaggctcgaatattcttat
>ECK125137416_hcaTp7_reverse_2668053_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgccttccattgctttactgatggcgtggaagaaaggggagatgaagccggcattacgcGatttcatcgccattgtgcag
>ECK120033631_hepAp2_reverse_63588_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
agaaaaccaaaagcgtggtcgccccttgcaatatcagaatcgcggcaccattaagtacgtAtggaccaccaacggcccgga
>ECK120033624_holCp_reverse_4484273_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
cgctgcggtgtatacctgatgcgtatttaaatccaccacaagaagccccatttatgaaaaAcgcgacgttctaccttctgg
>ECK125136593_hscCp7_reverse_683594_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttacctctgttgagcgctgggttggcgtggaaacacaggggaaatatacccagggtatGacggttgttgattattatta
>ECK120033627_hslRp_forward_3529110_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
gagcataccggtctggacgcacaccttgatttattactttccacccacacatttggttatCcgaaagaggatcagcggtta
>ECK120010429_hslVp_reverse_4122354_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
atacaaactgcattcggctcgccgccgggggttgaaaccctcaaaatcccccccatctatAattgcattatgccccgtact
>ECK120010500_htgAp1_forward_10644_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtggggcagtgtctacgatcttttgaggggaaaatgaaaattttccccggtttccggtatCagacctgagtggcgctaacc
>ECK120010296_htpGp1_forward_495075_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
acgagagcaggatcacctgctctcgcttgaaattattctcccttgtccccatctctcccaCatcctgtttttaaccttaaa
>ECK120010336_htpXp_reverse_1912618_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
tctggtgacttacgcactatccagacttgaaaatagtcgcgtaacccatacgatgtgggtAtcgcatattgcgttttgtta
>ECK125137478_iapp7_forward_2876536_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aggcaccggatttcgggcgtttaggaagatttgaaattgttttagcgcagcggcagtttcAtactatggcggtaaaaaaat
>ECK120010456_ibpAp_reverse_3867518_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
tgcaaaaaaaagtccgctgataaggcttgaaaagttcatttccagacccatttttacatcGtagccgatgaggacgcgcct
>ECK125137543_idip10_forward_3032970_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtcgcttcaaatatatgatgctacttttttaaatggtttttacctgtcggcatccgctcAaaacgggcggttgtcgataa
>ECK120033608_ileSp3_forward_22229_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cagctggaagtgcatttgttagatgttgcaatggacctttacggtcgccatatacaagtaGtgctgcgtaaaaaaatacgc
>ECK125136728_insFp5_reverse_1095155_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgccagctggcagaacgggatgaagagctggctatcctccaaaaggccgcgacatacttcGcgaagcgcctgaaatgaagt
>ECK125136904_insHp3_reverse_1428926_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatcagaacttataaccgacacccacgatgaaaccgtcagtgcgccagtcgccactgccgGggccttcataagcaatatca
>ECK125136407_ivyp5_forward_240329_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taacaaatgctgatattggaaatatctgatttgcaaattatcgtgttatcgccaggctttAggaggttaataacatgggca
>ECK125136358_kefFp2_forward_47080_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgggggcgggtatctcgctgtttggcttgttgatttccgtagcgtttgccccggagactcGagggatgtcactggcgcaga
>ECK120033622_lapAp1_forward_1340135_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
aacgagaacaagaaagttaacgctggttgattttccgaatttagcccttaaatcatcaacAatgcgtgtggatgccatttc
>ECK120016344_ldhAp_reverse_1442915_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
gaaggttgcgcctacactaagcatagttgttgatgaatttttcaatatcgccatagctttCaattaaatttgaaattttgt
>ECK125137885_ligBp4_reverse_3821288_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttgctcacactttttgcgcaaagttgttgcgttttgcgtagctgcttccgcatttgcctGtcattcactgcaataaagac
>ECK120010455_lonp_forward_458815_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
taatttttcctctattctcggcgttgaatgtgggggaaacatccccatatactgacgtacAtgttaatagatggcgtgaag
>ECK125138121_lplAp2_reverse_4624238_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttacgcctgatgttgctgctctcactggcaatcggtgtagtgctgacccgcacgctgctAcagggtaaacgcacccgctg
>ECK125137505_lplTp3_reverse_2973939_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtatgcccgcgagcacggcgtgccggagcttgctgtaccgcgcgatattcgctatctgaaAcagatgccattacttggcag
>ECK120016340_macBp1_forward_920094_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaaaggttaacgacgctattttctattacgcccgttttgaagtccccaaccccaatggttTgctgcggctggatatgactg
>ECK120016341_macBp2_forward_920337_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttgagattgtcaaagggcttgaagcgggcgatgaagtggtgattggtgaggccaaaccagGagctgcacaatgacgccttt
>ECK125136966_maeAp4_reverse_1555727_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcctgcgcaatggtgtttttgtttttatctgctttatacttgaggccgacgccctggcgGtaaagcaaagacgataaaag
>ECK125136953_mcbRp3_forward_1520096_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggtgatccgcgtggcgggtgatgattaaagtttcaacggcggcgtaagccgccataaaaAtccaggcaaaaagcttattt
>ECK120010136_metAp1_forward_4214233_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aactttctcaccttcaacatgcaggctcgacattggcaaattttctggttatcttcagctAtctggatgtctaaacgtata
>ECK125137260_mglCp5_reverse_2237858_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gggattattattatctcctctgaaatgcctgagttgttagggataacagaccgtattctgGtcatgagcaatggtctcgtt
>ECK125095205_mhpTp_forward_375386_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
acacgactgccggatgcgataaacgtcttgtccggcctacatttcgcccgtaggcagtcaTtaaatagttctgattacgcg
>ECK120033729_miaAp2_forward_4398982_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
agtctgccctggcggaattgggtattgatttccagtcagatgcacagcatgtgaccatcaGggcagtgcctttacccttac
>ECK125137249_mlrAp9_forward_2214785_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagaattcgtgagtacgatcactcaaaatcgcctggcaaaaataaaatcaccctatagatGcacaaaaaacgggcaaaact
>ECK125136420_mmuPp6_forward_275206_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttccggaggcgttatgagctggcggccctttttgtatctgattattaatccccacccgctAttaagcgcccggcgcgggca
>ECK120010025_mngAp_forward_765811_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IC|W|Inferred by curator]_Weak
ctgacgccaaactctgtttgtagcgctgattcagtgggtaacgcatcgccaggtttaagcTcgccacgcgcaatttgttca
>ECK125136875_mpaAp4_reverse_1390639_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagtgatacaagatcgatgacatagcgttgaagaaaaggatttgataatccgcaaaatttGcacaacactgcctgtaatac
>ECK125136878_mppAp4_forward_1393204_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttttgatggaagttgtttgcatttctttaaggcgaaacaaataattacgcatcaatttTaatgtcggttagagggaaac
>ECK120033727_mutLp2_forward_4397046_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
ctgctgggtggggcgggtgatgtgctggcgaacagtcagtctgacccctatttaagccagGcggtgctggatttacagttc
>ECK120010082_mutMp_reverse_3811175_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
taacaaaaaacctcgctccggcggggttttttgttatctgcttgcccccatattgactgcAtctgttcattcctggagatg
>ECK120016345_mutMp2_reverse_3811277_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
acgtactaagccggaaaaactggaactgaaaaaattcgatccagttgttcgccagcacgtGatctacaaagaagcgaaaat
>ECK120033612_narPp_forward_2290422_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
atgatgccaaagcgaacgacaaggttgtagttttcactacatgtccatacataaaatgggGtaacattcacgcgcctggta
>ECK120033626_nfuAp2_forward_3545458_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cgcaacctgaaaaatgcctttcgtcttgaattgcccgtgcaaggtcgccatatggtgattGtggatgatgtcgttaccacc
>ECK125136932_opgDp8_forward_1496655_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggaagaacgcagtaaacgtcgctgtggtttgctttaaaatctgaccatccgcctttgcaaAaatttgcctgattttacaaa
>ECK125136757_pabCp8_forward_1153093_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaccatcaacctggataacccggatgaaggttgcgatctggatttcgtaccgcacgaagcGcgtcaggttagcggaatgga
>ECK125137407_pbpCp2_reverse_2647368_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccgggaacgtatcaggtaccgcaaccgatggtggaatcaatgtatgttccccaatggcgGgcgaccggcgcggctgaaga
>ECK125137980_pflDp2_forward_4143880_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcggcatcaagtttgaagagcgttttgctggcaagaccatcgtgcgcgtcaacatcagcgAtgcagtaaaacgtgctgacg
>ECK125136627_pglp2_forward_798539_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caccgataccactatcggacaaaattctgcgttttaattcagcattcaccgccaaaagcgActaattttagctgttacagt
>ECK125095209_pgpCp_reverse_2698638_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tttatattccattgccgctaattgccatgaattaaaaattccagttagccatgatgcggtCgattgttgccggaaaagtga
>ECK120033615_phoPp3_reverse_1190491_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
tttttcactttacctcccctccccgctggtttatttaatgtttacccccataaccacataAtcgcgttacactattttaat
>ECK125137933_pldBp6_forward_4009014_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaccgtggttgagcgaggtggtcatagtgttgattgcaccagagcctggcgacaggcttaAaatgatcgatgtcagcaggt
>ECK120033613_pncCp_reverse_2824394_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
taatcagcttttttctgaatcctcctcgtaaaattgcaacgccaacaccatcttcctgacGaaagtgctatcttgtccggc
>ECK125137015_pntBp6_reverse_1676548_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctggcctgcgttgtcggttattacgtggtgtggaatgtatcgcacgcgctgcatacaccGttgatgtcggtcaccaacgc
>ECK120009968_pphAp_reverse_1923385_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
attcagattgatgatcctaacaatcccggcgaaaaaatgagtctggcaccgtttatagaaCgagctgaaaaactctgttaa
>ECK120010557_ppiDp1_forward_461838_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cttttttatttgtattcggtgactttctgcgtcttgtgggctgacaattgcccccgtttcTtgtcacaataggcctttgcg
>ECK125138117_prfCp2_forward_4609344_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcgttgcacgaactggagcagctcctgtgtaaacactgattgcctcccccccgttgatgGgtaaaatagccgcaattttt
>ECK120033618_prlCp_reverse_3645238_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
cgccgcgaaagcgtaacgtttctcattgaaattcactacacttaaccccatgctacacacAttatgtaaagcgcctgttga
>ECK125136414_proBp11_forward_260303_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaaagcgtaaacaactgccgctaggcttgctgatcccgcgcaacaaaacgccatgctttGctcgcagatggttggcaacc
>ECK125137138_purTp5_forward_1930719_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgtcataagcatcggcttcctttttgctggtaaacgacattttctcttcgccctcacgaAtgactacgtatttaacttca
>ECK125137883_pyrEp4_reverse_3815985_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcgaagcggtttgcgatctggaatacgttgaagactctgccgcagagaccgacatgaacGtagtgatgaccgaagacggg
>ECK125136541_quuDp3_forward_573774_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgaaatggggaatgaatgatgtttgagtttaatatggcagaacttcttcgccaccgctgGgggcgtctgcgcttatatcg
>ECK120033709_raiAp_forward_2737104_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
aaaagattcgttgacaaaaagtgacaaaattatgagattttcatcacacattttgacatcAggaacggtatgctgaattca
>ECK125137927_rarDp4_reverse_4004241_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcccgcgttgaattacacaatgaagaacagctttatattgccagtgccaccgccacctatAtggtaggttgaagacataaa
>ECK125137928_rarDp5_reverse_4004297_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgagcgttttactgctactagtagcctgttgcgtgcaggcaataaagtcgccgtcgcccGcgttgaattacacaatgaag
>ECK120033635_rdgBp_forward_3096620_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
cgggttgccaaaagccaggtggtgattgaaaaaggcgaacttggccgccacaaacaaattAaaatcattaatccgcaacaa
>ECK120010457_rfaDp3_forward_3793865_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcactattcacatgcaaaaccaacatccgccatgaaggactagctaaaacccaaactagtTtgttgcaattagcatccttg
>ECK125137218_rfbXp5_reverse_2109676_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acaaactattatcatcctgaaagcgattgtggaatatgttggaatgatgaacgcattgcaAttgattggccccaaacatca
>ECK125137214_rfcp7_reverse_2107394_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacggttgttacaaaagaatatccattagagtggaaagttggcgacgaaccctactatccAgttaatgataataaaaacat
>ECK125136604_rhsCp3_forward_729379_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcaactggtgatttttattgattgctgagttttgaatacattgaaaaccgccagcggaaAcgctggcggttttttgtatc
>ECK120033610_ribEp_forward_434504_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ccgcggattatgcacgctgccagggcttgagaaattagccgacgccccccaatttaaattCaaagagatacgtcatgtagg
>ECK120010388_rlmEp2_reverse_3327731_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
atcgtattttttgcttacgttgggattgaaaacgggtcattctaccgccatctcccatatAtcaccaaataggcgcgtaaa
>ECK125136576_rlpAp5_reverse_665222_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcgctaattgtgctgatggctgggttcgggattgtaatgtcaatccacacccacaggaaAatgttgtcgaaaagcgtgta
>ECK120033628_rnlAp_forward_2765906_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tttagcaaatcaatacacttcaggggggtattattgtagagtttccccatatgtttctatGggatccaggaaatgacaatc
>ECK120033713_rpmEp_forward_4126908_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
cacattgccgtagaagagtgcggatcagtttgcatacgctggttaatttctgtatgatttCgcgccttcgtacgaaatgat
>ECK120010384_rpoDp3_forward_3212688_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
cgtggtacaaataatgctgccacccttgaaaaactgtcgatgtgggacgatatagcagatAagaatattgctgagcaaacc
>ECK120009864_rrsAp1_forward_4035239_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
cagaaaattattttaaatttcctcttgtcaggccggaataactccctataatgcgccaccActgacacggaacaacggcaa
>ECK120009872_rrsDp1_reverse_3429047_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cagaaaaaaagatcaaaaaaatacttgtgcaaaaaattgggatccctataatgcgcctccGttgagacgacaacgtgaaac
>ECK120009867_rrsEp_forward_4207863_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
agtcatttttctgcaatttttctattgcggcctgcggagaactccctataatgcgcctccAtcgacacggcggatgtgaat
>ECK120009870_rrsHp1_forward_223485_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgaaataaaaatgcatttttccgcttgtcttcctgagccgactccctataatgcgcctccAtcgacacggcggatgtgaat
>ECK125137739_rsmBp4_forward_3434991_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaattgaaggacagccggttaaagtctggaaagcatcggtcattgatacggcaaccaacGctgcaccaggaacgatcctt
>ECK125137674_rsmIp8_reverse_3293553_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacgaatggcgagtaattgccagttgatcctggtatcatcagagctttgctgcatctgctGaagataaaaggcagaatcag
>ECK125137283_rsuAp3_reverse_2280548_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgctaatagtatgccatggatctttttcccttgagggatgttattagaccgctatactggGcagacaacagttcagatttt
>ECK125137144_ruvBp1_reverse_1945366_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgctcgccctgacgccagcagtgaaactttaattcgcgaagccctacgcgccgcgttatGaggtaaaggatgattgaagc
>ECK125137146_ruvBp4_reverse_1945544_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attgttgaaatgaaagaccgatttaaaggtttgcatggcgatctctttacgccagccgccGacctggtactcacgtctcct
>ECK125137408_ryfAp11_forward_2653699_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agatattacttaaacatgtaaattcactttcctttaaaaaacaaaaaaccgccaaaatcaGgcggttttttgttgctggtc
>ECK125137259_sanAp3_forward_2232684_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttctggcagaaaaagccgatgcgccgttgattcagtgggatgccacctccgcaacgctgAaagctctcggctgtcacagt
>ECK120011047_sdaAp_forward_1896809_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
ctatacttatctttacatctacaaaacactacttgagacaatcatcgcaatattagttaaAtcgcggtttttgattagttt
>ECK125138123_sltp7_forward_4630700_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgtaacgtggcgtaaacggcaatgactggttagcataaatctattacgcggcatgacgctGcattgatgtatttacactta
>ECK125137744_slyXp4_forward_3477431_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caacggccattgtggtcgccagcagcgttactttaaacagtgatttcatccatatctccaGgatcggggcatctcacccca
>ECK125137343_smrBp4_forward_2448568_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcattcacgcgcggtgagtgaggaaaaatacgtttaaaacgatcgattgcgctacgagtcGggtaaactgtaggaaaatta
>ECK125137490_sydp2_reverse_2925369_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggcgtcataggtatcccggtaatcggttgattttccaagagtcaggcccgcaagtgcctGatggtttgcataagaagaca
>ECK125136992_tfaQp6_reverse_1634956_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcggtattggtgctcatacgcactccgttgcgattggttcacatggacacaccatcaccGttaacgctgctggtaacgcg
>ECK125137721_tldDp6_reverse_3392075_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaggcctacaaaccggaacataaccgtaggctggatagggcgttcacgccgcatccggcAgccgtaaaaaatcctctact
>ECK125136615_tolBp3_forward_777560_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctttgtcaggctgcgttggcagcagctaaacttgcgaagatcccgaaaccaccaagccagGcagtatatgaagtgttcaaa
>ECK120010491_topAp1_forward_1330980_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tcgtgaacagagtcacgacaaggggttgatatccgcagagagcgagtccatatcggtaacTcgttgccagtggaaggttta
>ECK120010437_trmAp_reverse_4163295_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctcacaaataggaattcatcaagatctggacatctgatgagcaatccctacaatcgccgcGtactttaatttttcaggata
>ECK125136850_trpAp7_reverse_1317339_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgcctgcacgaagggatcatcccggcgctggaatcctcccacgccctggcccatgcgttGaaaatgatgcgcgaaaaccc
>ECK125137743_tusBp7_reverse_3475109_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagtgctggcgcgtgattacattgccacttttaaattgttgggtctgtacgacattgaacAgtgctgggtttgtgcggctt
>ECK120033633_xerDp_reverse_3039851_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Strong
ttctgccgccatttcggtgtaacaggtgctggaaccgtaaaaaagacccatattcataacGtaagcttctcgattctgctg
>ECK125136348_yaaWp3_reverse_11542_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgatttacagttaagcggtgcatcggtttatttcaaagccgcccgtagcgccagtcagaGcctgaatattccttcagaaa
>ECK125136371_yadDp4_forward_146959_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aggtggctgacgatagcgcgccttgactggatactgccttcacgcaaagccacacggaagAcagggaagatggatgcaccg
>ECK125136398_yafCp6_reverse_231083_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggcataggtgttttttcgcacttttgactttgaaacctctattacgtcaacccttccgcActcgggagggttctactgtt
>ECK120033632_yafDp_forward_231064_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
gcacttgcttacataacaatatacaattgctcgttgaaagagtgagctaaaatccctataAcagtagaaccctcccgagtg
>ECK125136426_yagGp8_forward_285353_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attcggaaataagatatgaccattgctggttaattgaatagctcattacactccattaacAcgatgttgtaattcggcaca
>ECK125136432_yagNp4_reverse_295671_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggtattaccataaaaaacaacgttgatatgcgttgattccattaaaaatcaacatattacAaaatatcatcaactattgat
>ECK125136463_yahNp5_reverse_346435_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gattattttcatattacggctccagagttgttatcacactatcacccacccacattattgGgttgattaataattagttca
>ECK125136466_yaiOp5_reverse_380973_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatcgctaccggatgcgataaattaggttgttatatcgggcagcgttcacgccttggcgtAcaagttattattttgcctgg
>ECK125136469_yaiSp9_reverse_384708_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacccagtcgaacccacgggtctgaaagcccttgcttttcagttattagcaacatttaacAtttataaattaacatctggc
>ECK125136486_yajDp6_forward_430469_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcgcgaacacatgttgcagcagaaagtggaaaaagaaggggcggatcagccgtcaattcTgccgtaatcaagttcccgtt
>ECK125136488_yajLp2_reverse_443748_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgccacagcggaaaatatctcgtcgatgttgcaggatatccgcgcgctgcgccacactgaAatcgactatatcaatggttt
>ECK120016346_ybbNp1_reverse_518490_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
caaccagacgcaaagtgataaaccagtcgaaaatcccggcatcgccgcccgctttacgttGggaccggaagcggtggtgga
>ECK120016347_ybbNp2_reverse_518568_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
catggagctgcgccacagcggaattaaagtcagcctgatcgaacccggtcccattcgtacTcgcttcaccgacaacgtcaa
>ECK125136526_ybcJp5_reverse_557006_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attgtgattgatgtcggcatcaaccgtctggaaaatggcaaagttgtgggcgacgtcgtgTttgaagacgcggctaaacgc
>ECK125136540_ybcNp6_forward_572314_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgttttaagaaggagcaattctatcgattttgattttgggaaatcaacacggcataattAtgtcaccggagcctgaacaa
>ECK125136548_ybdJp3_reverse_606411_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgaccgctaacggaagataccttgcgattgctggaaaaaatcgccccttccgcacataaaAttggtgcatcgagcgcgatt
>ECK120033619_ybeDp_reverse_662706_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
cactggtttggttaaaaattaaacacttgaaagtgtaatttccgtccccatatactaagcAtcagtaaaaaactcccgcct
>ECK125136570_ybeFp6_reverse_661510_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tccttcgcgtttgtatattttctttatcacttgcagaaatgcggtgccacgccttgctccGtaactcaccccattgattaa
>ECK125136583_ybeQp10_reverse_676624_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgaatattagccgcattgcgaggctcgtttatttatacttttctgacgcgacataatacGcataaaataaggcttacgca
>ECK125136591_ybeUp5_forward_679465_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgtgtgaatgcttcgattttctttttattttgaaagcgtcaagtttatactcatcaataAtaaaaaagtagtcagttaat
>ECK120033620_ybeZp_reverse_693469_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
tctcaggcctgccgttccggtgggccttgttttttctctctttatccccatctttattgcAatgcttgcgcctttttcctg
>ECK120035106_ybfEp_reverse_711939_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gcgcgtgggcgttggcgtgactcatcgcgctgatgtattatggcgcgctatccatccgggCagaggcctggctgattgttt
>ECK125136614_ybgCp6_forward_774644_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gattttcttcttcttttaaatcagaattctctttaaaaaattatgggccgctccaggcccAtaaatttttacgctccctta
>ECK125136612_ybgEp4_forward_774150_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcattctgctctacaccgcctggtgttactggaaaatgttcggtcgtatcaccaaagaagAtattgaacgtaacacccact
>ECK125136623_ybgSp8_reverse_785496_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggggttttacactatgaacggattaatcctggaattagcaagaaaaacgccagattgtcGcgaaaaacgagatctctcct
>ECK125136637_ybiAp6_reverse_832960_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttttcaggggtaatggtttttctgtttctggaaagcggctcgcaataaccaccaacataAtgcggtttaatgcccgttcg
>ECK125136646_ybiPp5_reverse_852626_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcggacccctttccactcttcacgcactcttgcaggtattgacccttgacgccagggtaaGcacatggcgtttgttacgat
>ECK125136668_ybjEp5_reverse_915077_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggctaccgggtcgggcgcgaggtaacatccctgtaaaacgcgccctcagcccacatccatGtgggctgccccggccttcag
>ECK125136689_ycaIp6_forward_964105_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaggaaaatacgttcctcactttaaacctggtaaagaactgcgcgatcgcgccaatatttAcggttaagttttttactcaa
>ECK125136682_ycaKp4_forward_949574_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttgattacgggccacggcaaagaaagtggcaaagtcagacatattcatccgcattagtgAaaatccttcattaactcatc
>ECK125136703_yccSp3_reverse_1023976_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcattggcattcctgtcggcattgcgaactttaaaattgccgctattgcactatggccgGttggtcgtcgcgtggtatcg
>ECK125136731_ycdUp11_forward_1095759_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttctgaatatgccaaccccggtagctttccttgaaataagtaataagccctatttgggGaatatgttaaatgattttgc
>ECK125136753_yceFp8_reverse_1146607_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catcaacctgcaaaacgaagcgcatagtttaaaatggctatcatcaatacgctatatctgAtggaaaaaaatatgcctaaa
>ECK120033621_yceJp_reverse_1119071_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
atcattcaatttgttatttttgtgttgcaattcattctccgacacgccattttctttctcTcgcaaattcgttttggatgc
>ECK125136770_ycfZp5_reverse_1181380_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttaatgtttattattctcccgggcatcctgaaaaggctgagataaataacccgtgggttAatttttttaaatgggggttt
>ECK125136771_ycfZp6_reverse_1181346_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aggctgagataaataacccgtgggttaatttttttaaatgggggtttatcggcattatggGcgttatttttatcgccgtcg
>ECK125136843_yciAp8_reverse_1312414_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggctgccgcaaaatatttgggtcaactttaaagtctttggcctgaccgcccttaccttAatcttcacattgttaagcgg
>ECK125136847_yciEp7_reverse_1315321_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaagcagcgaagcttctgaaagaaaccctggaagaagaaaaggccaccgacatcaaactGactgatctggccattaataa
>ECK125136853_yciNp8_reverse_1330702_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagttgccagtaaggcgctcttgccaccagcgtggtatatttgtctgcaagccatgcctgGcgtagactaatgtccttgtt
>ECK120033623_ycjXp_forward_1384069_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
tcgccggtcgatgacaacacgggcagttgataatcaatggcctggcccccacattcatatCcttacgaatgattttttttc
>ECK125136876_ycjYp6_reverse_1392072_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcccaatcgttcttctatacgacgcactatctggcttaaagctgactgcgccatgctcaGgcgggctgctgcacgagtga
>ECK125136877_ycjZp7_forward_1391872_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggattattgctgttagtgaagctgactttattattcatcattccgttcctcatggagttGtcggttcgttttaacggttg
>ECK125136894_ydaSp3_forward_1420170_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccagtcataaattgatggtggttggactttaaagtggcgtgcgacctccgcctttgatttGacggatcccgatgcgatttt
>ECK125136949_ydcXp9_forward_1517354_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatgattttttctcaaactggtgaaaaaacttgatgcacgtcaaaaaatgacgcatatttGcgcgcgttttattcatctgg
>ECK125136958_yddEp5_reverse_1535869_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggccggatagcccttcgctctccggccacttgcaggctatgatagttctccagtcacaGgagaacgttaatgaaaccgc
>ECK125137001_ydfAp6_forward_1648457_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcacttgaccgatatgttagtcatggctaatcttgtttgcatcaacacaccgcacggtgTtctcagcaaacagttccgct
>ECK125137013_ydgDp4_forward_1671953_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cccgtcccgtctatagtatttatgagggtttgcttttaataatcataattacccaccagaGtgtgatatgcgtacaaccat
>ECK125137016_ydgHp5_forward_1678377_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatatgaaaaatgacgcagacagttacaccgtttaaatgcaataatcagccacgtttctcGttaataacaataccagtacc
>ECK120033611_ydhQp_reverse_1746202_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
acaacccaataattcgtgtatcagagtttaaacagagttgtttgccaccatctcaaatctGtcgtggataaatcctccgta
>ECK125137052_ydiHp2_reverse_1765291_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agaagggcgggtgcgcggcgtatgcaaaccgttgcatctcggttcgcgtcaccaggtctgGcagattgaaatcttcgatga
>ECK125137070_ydjOp4_reverse_1813348_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcccggttttgccgggagttacatgacctgaaattctgtatttcgttgctacattcattcAaaccacctgtaacaaaaagc
>ECK125137078_ydjXp5_forward_1833217_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accggcatcgactatgaaatccgcagcatggaaaaaccgtccgatcacgcccccgtctggGcgaccttccgccgctaattt
>ECK125137103_yeaQp3_reverse_1879360_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatgtttgtggttggtaattatcactgatcgttgatggcgcaatttctgcgccatcgcaaAaaaaacctccgtgatgctcg
>ECK125137171_yecCp3_reverse_1997823_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcgactgtgttatcgacgttgcagaaccattttgagaatcaacttaatcgccaggagagAgaaccaaaatgagtgccatt
>ECK125137173_yedEp8_forward_2008155_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgtcctgcatgagaagaaaagaggattgtggcattaaagccctgatgtcgccagcctttcAaggttcagagagaaatttga
>ECK125137183_yedYp4_forward_2039286_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accggggactatttcaagaaacaaaatcttgaaagtttcttccctgagatccccgttgaaTttcatattaataaagtgaac
>ECK125137189_yeeJp8_forward_2044763_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacatcttaagcgccctcgacctttatggttgagggcgttttgctatgaacgccatcaccAttttcccctcgattataaaa
>ECK125137232_yegSp5_forward_2168558_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtttagttgaatattaggtatatgctcttttttgaaatttatcggtggcagccgttagtAttcgctgtccccattgcaag
>ECK125137265_yeiEp5_reverse_2249711_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccggaataaaatgccacagtgtacgatgttgtttctgtaaggtgatattcgtcataacccTctcctttaaccgggcataag
>ECK125137276_yeiQp5_forward_2266164_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaacaccttacgccctcaattttcactcgttgattgatcgccctcacacttcatcgcattAacaatccagaccaatttcaa
>ECK125137303_yfaEp2_forward_2348338_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggtctgaataaagacattctctgccagtacgttgaatacatcaccaatatccgtatgcagGcagtcggtttggatctgccg
>ECK125137320_yfbLp3_forward_2385760_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgattatatttttatttcgcatataaaatccttttaaataaactcaggcaccagacataAaatatactctttgtataatc
>ECK125137334_yfbRp3_forward_2408831_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agctgtaatcttaatttcactgccggagattgcatccggcagcgttatcccgccacaatgAcctgatgatgtcatcatacg
>ECK125137349_yfdFp4_forward_2462802_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttgcaaacagcctgttggcagcttgccctttcaaatcaataagcggtatccacagacaaAcctgaagggaaaggcatatt
>ECK125137355_yfdPp5_forward_2473422_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaggttttttatctgacggatcatgttttgattttactgacggatccccgccagattctGacgggtgaaaacccgatttt
>ECK125137376_yfeHp3_forward_2526933_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggatgcaataaatcaattttatttctcaaactggaagaagcacaatagaaccatcgatcAtctggagtctttatgaaact
>ECK125137386_yffOp8_forward_2561902_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaattgtggaatcgaatcaaggaaggtggcaattgctgccctgcttcgcgtcatgcgtgAaccagactttcaatgcctgg
>ECK125137413_yfhRp4_forward_2664204_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aactacatgctgaccggtaacatcgttgctggtaacccgcgcgttgttaaagccatgctgGcgaacatgcgtgacgagtta
>ECK125137438_yfiRp7_forward_2741677_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggtaaaagctttcctgccagctgcaacaatgttgaaaatgccagccaactgcatgaagtAtggcaaaaaggggctgatga
>ECK125137451_yfjIp10_forward_2758928_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaattcatactcaattgctgtcatcggagtgtaaacatcctgctatttccgccattaataGcggaatagccatatttgcta
>ECK125137456_yfjPp8_forward_2767540_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtgcacccacgactaaatttccccccctttaaacttctcaataatgtcaccaattttctGgaaatcctatgatgcctttc
>ECK125137458_yfjXp2_forward_2775888_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaccagcaacatttcaccttcccaaacgcgctttattacctcatacgccagccatcgccGctggcgttttttattcacgg
>ECK120033616_ygbFp_reverse_2878915_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
gcttatagaggacgtgcttgccgctggagaaatacaaccgccggccccacctgaagatgcAcagcctgttgccattccgct
>ECK125137470_ygbLp4_forward_2863569_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggataagcctgtctcactcgcccttaaatctggcaacttcggtgatgacgcctttttttcAcgagcccaaagagagttttt
>ECK125137471_ygbLp5_forward_2863537_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catttccccggcgtgccgtgggtaaacgcactggataagcctgtctcactcgcccttaaaTctggcaacttcggtgatgac
>ECK125137494_ygdIp10_reverse_2943263_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgatgcaccgatcgtgacgcaaaattcactttgatacaaggagagtgctaaccatcagaAttatctggatatcctggcga
>ECK125137493_ygdIp7_reverse_2943229_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atacaaggagagtgctaaccatcagaattatctggatatcctggcgaagccgcgtaagtaAcatatgctgaatagtgttag
>ECK125137530_ygeWp5_forward_3006118_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttcgtattttacaaacaaccagaagctggcatcaatttgtgatcaaccccacacattaTccgtcaaattagtcttttgc
>ECK125137552_yggIp5_forward_3089749_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttcctcccatcgcggaggaagccacctcttgcagtcatcttttcttcgctctatcctctGccgctatgaaaacatcccgt
>ECK125137566_yghDp4_reverse_3111307_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctcgccgagttgtcagcgatagccagcaccctgaaatcagcgtcactttccgacatcgaaAtgcgtggttttacctttgat
>ECK125137570_yghJp7_reverse_3119266_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacgttgtgaaatgttgttaattttttgtttgttgaaatttcgtaaaaatagccagatagAcatcgtataggggttattct
>ECK125137576_yghQp7_reverse_3132525_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgaagattggctataacggcacaaaaattcttgagattgattccagagcgccctacagcGaagtgctggaacaggcacag
>ECK125137578_yghTp4_forward_3133977_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actggcgtggaattaattattgacatattacgttgattcacgaaaaacccggcagtaaatAatgtattgaatattacgtgg
>ECK125137601_ygiVp3_reverse_3169291_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgaagtcgataaagactggaattctgttgaaattgacgtcaaacagatccgcaaagtaaAtccgtaattgttaccgctcc
>ECK125137602_ygiWp5_reverse_3169887_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagcgcctcttttccctgacgaccttgtgtaaaccagtcgacgctaaaacccattttactAaggcccgttttgatgccgtc
>ECK125137604_ygiWp7_reverse_3169688_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttcccttaagaagttgttaaggactatcttgttaaatgctcggaaacagacattaaagGgagtaataaacatgaaaaaa
>ECK125137635_ygjQp3_forward_3236399_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aggagaaagagcataacaaagcgttttaccagttgtgttgtcatatggaaccccagtaccAccagcttgagttcgacaccc
>ECK125137655_yhaKp3_forward_3254291_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaatttgaacataccgggcagaatatctggctaacaatgtagcgtccagccccttaccatAaaaggaagtaaagagaggtc
>ECK125137700_yhcAp11_forward_3361978_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctatcagcgttcagtatttataagaacttgtaatacagtttttatttttacgcattaaccAgttagctataactcggacag
>ECK125137704_yhcHp2_reverse_3369562_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggtctggcagaagggtatctggcgctggtggaaacgtatctggcgcaggagccagcggcAtttcatgttgatttactggc
>ECK125137713_yhcOp3_reverse_3386303_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggtactttggccagttgctggaagaactggaaatctaccaggaaaagctacgcatctggcAagcgccaccgcaggtgacgg
>ECK125137727_yhdJp2_forward_3411617_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcatgaactaattcaggttagctaaatgcttgattaaaaaggcgctactcggcatggggaAgcgccttttttataggtgtc
>ECK120033617_yhdNp_reverse_3439546_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
acgtaaaaaaacccgccccggcgggtttttttatacccgtagtatccccacttatctacaAtagctgtactctttttgttc
>ECK125137735_yhdVp9_forward_3418196_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaatcagaaacataaaggcgctttcgggtgcctttattatttccagtgaaacccataaaaAttaataagatattcttctgc
>ECK125137774_yhgAp6_forward_3543147_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagggatgaaaactcgctaatacacaggtgtggagtggcgcgtagagtcgcggcattcaaAcaacaggtgaaggaacgcca
>ECK125137788_yhhAp6_forward_3586729_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctaccattccctgtttcgcgcgtaccgggtggaagacatcttcctccacaccatacgagAcgggcggcgcaggaggcgcg
>ECK125137815_yhhJp3_reverse_3626848_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcgctggatctgactgatttgtggcaactttttatcccgttactgatagccatcccgctGgtgatgggcttaagtatcct
>ECK125137781_yhhXp4_reverse_3580859_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctttcgttctcaatttatccacgggagtgcttgtgttcgttatgcgcactccagtaggaAccacgtccgctttgcgctaa
>ECK125137837_yhjVp3_forward_3700398_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tccagcttaatttctttatttgcaatagttgcagttcatatccgggctgactccagactgGtagtgaaatgcgcaattttg
>ECK125137846_yiaDp4_forward_3716356_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccacgcgagctaaacacggtttcgccgtcggtttcaaccagcatgggcccccaatgggcGgcagtcagaacggaatatcg
>ECK125137900_yidFp5_reverse_3855790_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacaactggcaccaggcgggcatgttattctggatttcgattggcattctcgccatcgtgGcgctgatcctctggcactac
>ECK125137945_yihAp9_reverse_4050985_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctcgctctatgggtgctactttacgcctttgctttaaacaaacaatcaaccgccatcagtAtttgcacattttcagagttt
>ECK125137960_yihVp6_forward_4073532_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgttcacatcaaagacgcgaagttgatgcccttgctgcaataaattgctcgccattggcgAacccatttgtcctaaaccga
>ECK125137983_yijOp5_reverse_4148429_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcttatccggcctacagatcgcggcggtaggctggataaggcgtttacgccacatccggcAatacaactgccgcaatgttt
>ECK120010496_yjaZp_forward_4189753_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agatgactaatatcctgaaactgactgaactaattgagtcaaactcggcaaggattcgatActattcctgtgtaactttct
>ECK125138006_yjcDp7_forward_4278314_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataaaagagaaaaaagcagcaaacttcggttgaaaaagccgctatgatcgccggataatcGtttgctttttttaccacccg
>ECK125138015_yjcOp4_reverse_4297134_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcggaggctgtttttttatccattcgaactctttatactggttactccctacccaatcgtAttatcaaaatgaaaaaaatt
>ECK125138016_yjcOp5_reverse_4297222_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcagtacgtgattgacgagtacaacaagttgaaaactcgcctgcgcgaagcggcactggcGtaataccgtcctttctacag
>ECK125138030_yjeJp7_reverse_4374369_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acctttaattattcatatgcattgctgttgttactttttatatagctaacaccaataattAacctttcttttctgtttata
>ECK125138037_yjfPp4_forward_4416756_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acaggcacttaacatcaacaccaataataaactggcaaaccggtaaataacgctattacgTttcctgctaaccatagtgta
>ECK125138041_yjfZp7_reverse_4427526_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gggtgcatcgttatatccataatgagcgatttttgatattaatatctttcaccatccgctAttttcaccacttcagaaaac
>ECK125138070_yjgBp8_reverse_4496349_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcggcactgaagaggtatgcggaaaacgttgtggattatacctgtcgcacgccaccatgcAagcgccagcttgctcgcacc
>ECK125138075_yjhBp2_forward_4504020_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actggcgtatttgaagacaatataattatttctggatattgttgaggctccctaatatttActttaagggctatattagaa
>ECK125138103_yjiAp6_reverse_4588995_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaaaatatctcggccaggcggcgaagatgttgattggcattccagactacgacaactacGtcgagcatatgaagaccaac
>ECK125138097_yjiLp2_reverse_4564793_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aggcgtgccatacctacgcggtggaatcgctggcgattaaacgtcatgtgcgccagcagcAcaacattccttatatcgcta
>ECK125136457_ykgEp10_forward_321537_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttgtcatacaaatgaggggtggtatgttgctagccaattaaaaaagaacgccatatttAttgatgattgatcccccggt
>ECK125136436_ykgJp3_reverse_304262_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgaattagtacgtaaaatcggtaacggctggaaatcattcaatactcacactatcgaaaGttccccagccaaccgcggta
>ECK125136870_ymjAp5_reverse_1357810_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatctgatccgccgctatcgcaaagtgccgttgtatgatggtgacagaacgccggtgagtGaaacgtaatagtcggatgcg
>ECK125136913_ynbAp3_forward_1477462_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgcgcaatacgggaacaagcgatgagaaaacttgatgagttgtattgatccacaacgtaAtgttttttaactatctgatt
>ECK125136981_yneJp6_forward_1614788_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggtatgaagatacgcagatttactcttgctttaaaatgaataatattaagccacttattcAcgaatcgagaatgctatgga
>ECK125136983_yneKp6_forward_1615550_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aggcattgcgcttattccgcgctctatgctggaaagtatgccggggcatcaccaggttgaAgcgtggccgttagctgagca
>ECK125137003_ynfAp4_reverse_1655699_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcggacgcaaaacgtaccaggagggtgtttatattgatgatattatgtcgccctataactAtacatgatgtcaataagaga
>ECK125137006_ynfCp9_reverse_1657547_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgagggcgagcagaagcgcggcacagcaggttgagagtttcatcataagctccttacgcgAagataacttctttaagcata
>ECK125137047_ynhGp4_reverse_1758945_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatattgtcaatttcgatgtgcgtccgtggtttgaaaaaatggcgctcacccaacatctcAccccatctcgttcacaaggt
>ECK125137107_yoaBp2_forward_1893321_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gattatgtcaggatgagggcgctttcgccagttgaagtggtgacggcgacctcacattgtGgcagtctttgcagcacgaaa
>ECK125137184_yodBp13_forward_2042308_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggctggttacaatatgcactatcaattttttaaataacaaattattaaaaccacatctgtAtaaggaatttttaaggttcg
>ECK125137186_yodBp15_forward_2042176_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacagacacgctcatcactatgacgtgtctgtatattaataagctaacccgcattgagttAaccaataacggattccatac
>ECK125137176_yodCp7_reverse_2028410_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatgcgcggtcaggcacattaatactcgcactggctattatgcaaaattcgccatcttcaActaaggtgaacaagtttcac
>ECK125137418_yphBp3_reverse_2674788_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggaaaaatgcgcccatgatctgacggactggaagctgtggccgcgtaacgccattacccAtcgcttctcgctggaacagg
>ECK125137441_ypjDp4_forward_2747846_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatcaaacattgtctctcgcctggggtggaaacggttggccgcaatcgcgacacatcatcAgtattttgccgcagtataac
>ECK125137534_yqeCp5_reverse_3015234_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcggctacaaaactgcaacgcatttttgatacttgtatcaagaattgttccctgttcccaGggtaacatcattttccattg
>ECK125137513_yqeGp8_forward_2985819_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tagatagggcgttaatctcccatacttaacctggtttatggtaaattgccctccattttgTttaatttgtagatgatacgt
>ECK125137549_yqgBp4_reverse_3086182_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attcgttccccgcactctgcatctctgctttgcatacctgccgatgttatacccatctcgGcgcttctcaggattcaagag
>ECK125137556_yqgEp3_forward_3092884_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtaacccaccttagcgagaaggatctcgttgagactctgagtgacagcgcccttctttcCacgcatactgggcgctgttg
>ECK125137587_yqhAp7_reverse_3149575_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctttaagggtagacgttctcgatgcgttgataagggaaccaggaagatccctaaacctcAgaattatgcgacaaaggttt
>ECK125137591_yqhHp4_forward_3158421_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttcacgcgttgatgaaattcgagtcctggagaaaaccgccgattccgcccgcattcatGttcgttttacgctgaccaat
>ECK125137644_yqjFp3_forward_3250472_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaaattttttgaagatttttgacagttttccttgctaacaatcatcattcaccacgtttAtgattctctccatcgacagc
>ECK125138000_zurp7_reverse_4260114_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttaaaaatgaattattaattattatcgtgttgataatggtacgacaaggcaacataacaCcttacctacaaaacagaaaa
>ECK120010669_acnAp1_forward_1335424_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aatgttccgtcgttattccagacgactggcaactaacatcgcagcagcaagcctttatagAactgtttgctgaagatgatc
>ECK120011025_adap_reverse_2310427_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaaaattaaagcgcaagattgttggtttttgcgtgatggtgaccgggcagcctaaaggctAtccttaaccagggagctgat
>ECK120010249_adhEp1_reverse_1298413_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
ttgttatctagttgtgcaaaacatgctaatgtagccaccaaatcatactacaatttattaActgttagctataatggcgaa
>ECK120010740_adhEp2_reverse_1298309_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttgcaaaaatttgatttggatcacgtaatcagtacccagaagtgagtaatcttgcttacGccacctggaagtgacgcatt
>ECK120026309_adrAp_forward_403687_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tacgaaaatggctcacccgaaatatcatacttctgcctttagctccgtctctataatttgGgaaaattgtttctgaatgtt
>ECK120010200_aldBp_reverse_3756535_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gctgtcgtaaagctgttaccgactggcgaagatttcgccagtcacgtctacccttgttatAcctcacaccgcaaggagacg
>ECK120010107_alkAp_reverse_2147559_[CV(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)|C|cross validation(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)],[FP|S|Footprinting],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Confirmed
tcgcgacaaccggaatatgaaagcaaagcgcagcgtctgaataacgtttatgctgaaagcGgatgaataaggagatgcgat
>ECK120015417_ansPp1_reverse_1526011_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gaataatggtgataactatcatcgccaggatgaataaacattgttcatggcaacttatatGactttttcattaaagcaatc
>ECK125138137_appYp2_forward_583656_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcacatcatcctgattatgattgtgtatttaattggttgttatttgactactatcaacttGttttaattttatgataggtg
>ECK125138135_araFp2_reverse_1986148_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aatgctttgttttccgattaatttaacgaatgtcattcgtttttgccctacacaaaacgaCactaaagctggagagaacca
>ECK120034543_artPp1_reverse_903815_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccgcccccgttattttgtgctatgtttattgaataatgcgctttgcttttaacttttaaaGcagaaatattgcataattat
>ECK120034544_artPp2_reverse_903836_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gacatttatgctcgccgaccaccgcccccgttattttgtgctatgtttattgaataatgcGctttgcttttaacttttaaa
>ECK120009899_asrp_forward_1671327_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
gttacacgctgaaaccaaccactcacggaagtctgccattcccagggatatagttatttcAacggccccgcagtggggtta
>ECK120009853_astCp3_reverse_1832039_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting]_Confirmed
tccgccgtttatgcacttttatcactggctggcacgaaccctgcaatctacatttacagcGcaaacattacttattattaa
>ECK120010717_blcp_reverse_4377745_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
catcgggtccgaattttcggaccttttctccgcttttccttgctgtcatctacacttagaAaaaaaccagtaaggaaacat
>ECK120010471_bolAp1_forward_454434_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[CV(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)|C|cross validation(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)],[FP|S|Footprinting],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Confirmed
aacctaaatatttgttgttaagctgcaatggaaacggtaaaagcggctagtatttaaaggGatggatgacatctcagcgtt
>ECK125203432_bsmAp_reverse_4416869_[NTAS|W|Non-traceable author statement]_Weak
atgacatgaagaaatccttagcacaagtttctgctggcggtattagttcataatgttgagAtgtgggttacgctttcgtca
>ECK125135062_cbpAp2_reverse_1063828_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[CV(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)|C|cross validation(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)],[FP|S|Footprinting],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Confirmed
tttcaataacatattctgtgttggcatatgaaattttgaggattaccctacacttataggAgttaccttacaggggttcct
>ECK120010732_cfap1_forward_1741201_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tacttaggctgctaacaaaattttgttgtatgattgaaattagcggcctatactaatttcGagttgttaaagctacgataa
>ECK120010733_cfap2_forward_1741379_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agactcgcggttttttctgcgagatttctcacaaagcccaaaaagcgtctacgctgttttAaggttctgatcaccgaccag
>ECK120015953_cpxRp_reverse_4105686_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gggggtgtaaaacaacgtaaagtcatggattagcgacgtctgatgacgtaatttctgcctCggaggtatttaaacaatgaa
>ECK120033636_crlp1_forward_257810_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
gatcgaaaaacgcttgtgttaaaaatttgctaaattttgccaatttggtaaaacagttgcAtcacaacaggagatagcaat
>ECK120010359_crrpI_forward_2535610_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aggcaaatggactggcatgtgtggtgagcttgctggcgatgaacgtgctacacttctgttGctggggatgggtctggacga
>ECK120010479_csgBp_forward_1103859_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting]_Confirmed
aagaaaaatacaacgcgcgggtgagttattaaaaatatttccgcagacatactttccatcGtaacgcagcgttaacaaaat
>ECK120010480_csgDp1_reverse_1103344_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agttacatttagttacatgtttaacacttgatttaagatttgtaatggctagattgaaatCagatgtaatccattagtttt
>ECK120009988_csiDp_forward_2788927_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ataagaaaacaatatgtcgcttttgtgcgcatttttcagaaatgtagatatttttagattAtggctacgaaatgagcatcg
>ECK120034290_csrAp3_reverse_2819273_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aacgctatcgacaacgataaagtcaggttgaagttgtgtatatcggctaaacttaggtttAacagaatgtaatgccatgac
>ECK125137689_dacBp5_forward_3328857_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgggaccagaagcaaaaaaataccgacccgggtacaagtcccaggtcagctacaattcacAttttgatagtcattttaccc
>ECK125140838_ddpXp2_reverse_1563201_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tacgattccgggagattccttccttaacttcccctcttgcaccaaaactgcactacgctgCacaaatgttgatcaaaagtt
>ECK125140839_ddpXp3_reverse_1563249_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gggttttcatttaacgtgacactgtcacttaaatactgtgatttcagctacgattccgggAgattccttccttaacttccc
>ECK120015497_dhaKp_reverse_1250944_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaagtttcaatatggaacattcattaaagcatatgtttcactatgaaacataatttgggcTaattttcttttcccttgcct
>ECK120015496_dhaRp_forward_1251003_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tagcccaaattatgtttcatagtgaaacatatgctttaatgaatgttccatattgaaactTttacgtgtattaatacttaa
>ECK120034309_dkgAp_forward_3156571_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cccgctaagctttttacgcctcaaactttcgttttcgggcatttcgtccagacttaagttCacaacacctcaccggagcct
>ECK125095206_dkgBp_forward_229098_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tttttttcgtctgtatatctattattgccagaatcgcaaaaatcctctgcattttacgctCtttttcctcaacagtctgaa
>ECK120010409_dnaNp1_reverse_3882733_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aacgacattcgtttgccgggcgaagtggcgttctttatcgccaagcgtctacgatctaacGtacgtgagctggaaggggcg
>ECK120010408_dnaNp2_reverse_3882590_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgaggcgctgcgcgacttgctggcattgcaggaaaaactggtcaccatcgacaatattcaGaagacggtggcggagtacta
>ECK125137174_dsrBp5_reverse_2024843_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaatcagcactcgcgcgcgcctggcgctgccagaaaaacgaaattgttctacactggcacAaagccacaggaggaaaacga
>ECK120034936_ecnBp_forward_4376509_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttctcttccgaaaaatcatcagattcccatcatttttggcgatgttgtctattattaattTgctataggcaaacataaata
>ECK120015388_evgAp1_forward_2483641_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tccctgattttattgttgacatttcatttatgccgactatttatatggtatacttgtcgaAttatcttaaaggaagctcag
>ECK120010152_fadLp_forward_2461205_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttgaaaaaagatagaaacatacttgcaacattccagctggtccgacctatactctcgccActggtctgatttctaagatg
>ECK120017001_fbaBp_reverse_2178667_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
gcgctaacattttttctgatgaatcgagccaacagaaaacgctgaaaaaacatccaaaagAtggaaaaactcgcccgtaac
>ECK125095207_ftsBp_reverse_2872901_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gattatgttctgcacgccctgggtatacgtaacaatggacaaatgtggtacatttgcccgCgttgtcgcggtatccccaac
>ECK120010260_ftsQp1_forward_102867_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tactcggtgaagaaattttaccgtcaatacgtattcaaccgtccggaaccttctatgattAtgaggcgaagtatctctctg
>ECK120010550_ftsQp2_forward_102742_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cagtgtgggaatgtcaaaagtagtagcagaaaatgctctacaagatgcattaagattggcAtttcagcacgatgaagaagt
>ECK120010172_fumCp_reverse_1686709_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cagatacaactcacacaatgcacccgctgtgtgaaataaacagagccgcccttcggggcgGtttttttacatggcacgaaa
>ECK120010047_gabDp2_forward_2790912_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gagattttgggctcgtcggggattcgccgggtgctgcaaaaccatctacgctcaggactgGgcgagatgaaaaactcgctg
>ECK120010708_gadAp_reverse_3667607_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tatttaaattaagcctgtaatgccttgcttccattgcggataaatcctacttttttattgCcttcaaataaatttaaggag
>ECK120010707_gadBp_reverse_1572072_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tatttaaacacgagtcctttgcacttgcttactttatcgataaatcctacttttttaatgCgatccaatcattttaaggag
>ECK120010087_gadEp_forward_3658345_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atattgaacaacgattcggacaaggatgtaaataatgaaaaggatgacatattcgaaacgAtaacggctaaggagcaagtt
>ECK120010049_gadEp1_forward_3658242_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
ttaggatcaatatatggagtgcgtgatggataaatctgaagtattgattagtgttaatagAcgtattagttcacgaagggt
>ECK120009924_gadXp_reverse_3665839_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttaaatttatttatcaatcaatttgacttaagagggcggcgtgctacattaataaacagTaatatgtttatgtaatatta
>ECK120010089_gadYp_forward_3664864_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
atagcttatgtttataaaaaaatggctgatcttatttccagtaaaagttatatttaacttActgagagcacaaagtttccc
>ECK120010566_glgCp3_reverse_3569571_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttggtggagaatcgctggtgggaagaaggcgacggcaatgtccgttggctaaatcgataTgctcaacctttaagcacgga
>ECK120010511_glgSp1_reverse_3192012_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttcactaaaaagtgtgatcggggacaatatatttacgcacgttatgtttaaaggcactacActgattggggaatactgaaa
>ECK125137975_glpXp2_reverse_4115606_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgtgcgggggcaaccccgcacacatcaataatccctcccttcccctgtgctacacttcgcGccattccttactgcttagag
>ECK125137850_glySp4_reverse_3724495_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaacctgctggatgcgcgtaaagccatctccgtcaccgagcgtcagcgctacattctgcGcattcgcaccctgaccaaag
>ECK120009989_gmrp_reverse_1346843_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttttaactgactttcgtttgaaaactggcgtttttccaaaactggattacaaataaataTataaaaaaaacaatgcgttt
>ECK125138138_gpmMp2_forward_3785187_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gacgaaaaaaaagcgtaaatctggcatcggcttgccgcgagcggtcgtatattttgatctTcagaggctattttatcgatt
>ECK120030783_hchAp2_forward_2035630_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tccacagcactaaatctctccccgccaccccgtacctctgataatggtctaaaatcattgAagccacttgcgacgacgttg
>ECK120010767_hdeAp_reverse_3656791_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tctgattttgatattttccatcaacatgacatatacagaaaaccaggttataacctcagtGtcgaaattgattcgtgacgg
>ECK125134717_hdfRp_reverse_3948021_[IHBCE|W|Inferred by a human based on computational evidence]_Weak
cacgctcctaattctttgaccgagctagttatggcgcggagtattagttacgcttgacagAgtgtaaaacaaaacatttaa
>ECK120010362_hmpAp_forward_2685797_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting]_Confirmed
tttctgaaaaacaccaaagaaccatttacattgcagggctattttttataagatgcatttGagatacatcaattaagatgc
>ECK125095185_hofMp_reverse_3522928_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttaatgtcgccacatccggcagttgtggctcgatgtagcggtataggccataaatcgagcCtgctcccagcagaatgcaac
>ECK125136381_hrpBp2_forward_162075_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgttgcggttcagacatgtgaggcactcggttatgaattaccgcgatgctacaatgtggcGcgaagaatgttaaccctctg
>ECK120010232_ihfAp4_reverse_1795721_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gatattttatccgaatgtaagaaagttggcgtaaatcaggtagttggcgtaaacttatttGacgtgtaccgcggtaagggt
>ECK120010233_ihfBp_forward_963749_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttattccgaagtttgttgagtttacttgacagattgcaggtttcgtcctgtaatcaagcActaagggcggctacggccgc
>ECK125138133_insC-5p_forward_3186040_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gttcgcccggccacatcattaacggattaatgataagtggatcagatgtataaaaaattaAaattaaccacaataagcgaa
>ECK125138134_insN-1p_forward_270226_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttgctaagagcttcattcatgaatccttttcactagggatgaagtggtttactgaatttGgccacctgaacagaggtgat
>ECK120022001_iraDp2_forward_4556856_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gacttttttcctgaaaagtcagtagatattcataggcaagtaaggttttatactttgctgAcaggattcaggcctgtctca
>ECK120010333_katEp_forward_1813814_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
aacaccgtttccagaatagtctccgaagcgggatctggctggtggtctatagttagagagTtttttgaccaaaacagcggc
>ECK125137462_kbpp4_reverse_2796814_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attaaacctgtgctcatccccgcggcgttaacgcgccgcgttcctctgctacactttctgAgtgtttccgttaacgaatga
>ECK125137140_lpxMp4_reverse_1940228_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcagtcagtaccggctttttttatttggtgcggggcaagttgcgccgctacactatcaccAgattgatttttgccttatcc
>ECK120015409_lsrAp_forward_1601460_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
atatgtgcaatgtccacctaaggttatgaacaaattaaaagcagaaatacatttgttcaaAactcacctgcaaaactgaac
>ECK125134701_luxSp1_reverse_2815065_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgcttcgataatcccgatctgactttctctgcccgtatcttaaggtctatgattgatactGgtattggcggaacaggcaaa
>ECK120015494_mdtAp_forward_2153979_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ccagacagtgtttcataattcctccatttttctcccttattggctggctacactagtatcAttccgcgaaacgtttcagga
>ECK125141559_mnmGp_reverse_3925674_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atacccaggatcccaggtctttctcaagccgacaaagttgagtagaatccacggcccgggCttcaatccattttcataccg
>ECK120009848_mplp1_forward_4455728_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ctcaatgttgcgctcaggtgaatcgcgccagcaaattacggattatcctgaaatgcgtttCtcacttgcccgacatatgcg
>ECK120015420_msyBp_reverse_1114213_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atcgaactgatttttcgcctttcatacttgcaaaagcggagaatcagctatccttttcccTgaaacctcatcaactcaaag
>ECK120010761_mutSp_forward_2857019_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
accagcatcaagaactcgccgttcgcttcttcccctgaaatgattaactccggtatcatgTgcgccttatgtgattacaac
>ECK120009940_narUp2_reverse_1544163_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tctggctacttaatccccattctgcccccgcggttacgctttcttatctattctttcaatCagcacttcacccaattcatc
>ECK120009983_nhaAp2_forward_17317_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tacttttcctaattaatccctcaggaatcctcaccttaagctatgattatctaggcttagGgtcactcgtgagcgcttaca
>ECK120011008_ompFp_reverse_987092_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ctttatctttgtagcactttcacggtagcgaaacgttagtttgaatggaaagatgcctgcAgacacataaagacaccaaac
>ECK120010475_osmBp1_reverse_1343476_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctggttgataattaagactatttacctgttattaacactctcaagatataaaattattatCagcgatataacaggaagtca
>ECK120010489_osmCp2_forward_1556606_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
attcggaatatcctgcttatcctcgtgctgtttctcacgtagtctataatttcctttttaAgcccacaggagagcaacaat
>ECK120010077_osmFp_reverse_2219523_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
attctgcaactgaatccttccgctcaagctaaccccgccattatcaactatgcttttctcTtaattcgctgaaaacaacag
>ECK120010478_otsAp_reverse_1981651_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
catcatggcgactggcgggtgtgccggatgtctggagctggcttgaaatgataaccaccgCattacaacaaaaaagagaaa
>ECK120010477_otsBp_reverse_1982465_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttcccaccatagccaaccgccataacggttggctgttcttcgttgcaaatggcgaccccCgtcacactgtctatacttac
>ECK120015396_otsBp2_reverse_1982442_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
taacggttggctgttcttcgttgcaaatggcgacccccgtcacactgtctatacttacatGtctgtaaagcgcgttctgcg
>ECK120011009_oxyRp_forward_4158457_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgagcaattatcagtcagaatgcttgatagggataatcgttcattgctattctacctatcGccatgaactatcgtggcgat
>ECK125137791_panZp7_forward_3597958_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ctgccaaaagaaataaaaaagagaaagcctccgattaaattatttcgctacactggttccActtttgtgatttacacgggt
>ECK120009956_patAp_forward_3219458_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
gtgtttatcccgattttcgcgatcgcagccggagtggcgcaatccctgcaatacttaaatCggtatcatgtgatacgcgag
>ECK125122034_pcnBp4_reverse_159391_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aagtgccagattacattcatctgccgctggcgcttaatccacaaggcgctaaactttccaAgcagaatcatgcgcctgcgt
>ECK120010332_pfkBp1_forward_1806351_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctccaataaatcatattgttaatttcttcactttccgctgattcggtgccagactgaaatCagcctataggaggaaatgat
>ECK120015423_pfkBp2_forward_1806323_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atatttatctgcaaaattttaaataaagctccaataaatcatattgttaatttcttcactTtccgctgattcggtgccaga
>ECK120010737_poxBp_reverse_911076_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttagtgcctcctttctctcccatcccttccccctccgtcagatgaactaaacttgttaccGttatcacattcaggagatgg
>ECK125138136_ppkp_forward_2622977_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
attcacctgtaaatcgcaagctccagcagtttttttcccccttttctggcatagttggacAtctgccaatattgctcgcca
>ECK120010554_proPp2_forward_4330407_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
actggtttgattgtacattccttaaccggagggtgtaagcaaacccgctacgcttgttacAgagattgcatcctgcaattc
>ECK120049204_puuAp_reverse_1360968_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tcatttttgcaaactcaatttaacatttgacaaacatttagtttgcatacagattcgaatGgtggtcattatattttacgc
>ECK125138129_puuCp_forward_1362728_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
catacggcccggggatctctgcgccctgacgttcacaaactgcatatatctgatagacgtGaaacaggagtcataatgaat
>ECK120034217_puuDp_forward_1361052_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atgtttgtcaaatgttaaattgagtttgcaaaaatgaaaacccactgctagattgaaaaaAtattgaacataaaggtcatt
>ECK120034239_pykFp2_forward_1755600_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ggctgagacacaagcacacattcctctgcacgctttttcgatgtcacctatccttagagcGaggcaccaccactttcgtaa
>ECK125136636_rhlEp5_forward_830783_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcaacgccagtcacagggataatttatgcgctgcgtcacaaaaactgctacactccgctCcctcatgacattgtggtttt
>ECK120029519_rraAp_reverse_4119358_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
caaatatcaattaacaattgatgattttgccaacagcccacatagcgcgatatactgaaaAttctcgcagcaactgaatgt
>ECK120010768_rsdp1_reverse_4196954_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gatcgaaatttgccgcttcgccatatggcaattctcccttcggcaaccataatttttgttCatggctgacgacccaccagc
>ECK120016351_rssAp_forward_1289106_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
atcaggtgcaaccttttcaccagacacataagggtggcaacataggctatactcgacagcActaccacagggacaaagctg
>ECK120016350_rssBp_forward_1290220_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttatctacacttaagttaattctgacaggcgcaggtggcaatagcatgccactattgagtAaagccagtcaggggagagaa
>ECK120030811_ryjAp_reverse_4278066_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgcggttaaaaagtatacttttacactggcgaagaaacgtcggtgacatacaattaaagcAtcaacaccaaccggaacctc
>ECK125230253_sdsNp2_forward_1996880_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccttatcctgcatagtaaaccgcaacgcccctgagagtgagtatcatttataatgataatTcaaactatcacataaataag
>ECK120032979_sdsRp_reverse_1923207_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttttattgaccattttgcacgcaaactggaaaacctggcgtcgtcatctattcttaaagGgcaaggcaactaagcctgca
>ECK125137747_slyDp7_reverse_3478528_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatgcgccgagtttttttaagctagtgagtacacggctgcagaattccgctacaatctgcGccactattcttcccatgctc
>ECK120034237_sodCp_reverse_1724679_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtaagcacttttaggaatagccgccgttcaaaaatgtgtcactggtttacacttattcagGaatgcacaatgaacggaggt
>ECK120010376_speBp_reverse_3083946_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gaactgcaacaacagttccttgaagagttcgaggcaggtttgtacggttatacttatcttGaagatgagtaagtcctgtgt
>ECK120010188_speCp_reverse_3109175_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
accagtttgacccatatctcatggggcagggttttccaccttgtccggtattcttacttcCccgaaacgggtttgcgctta
>ECK120009984_srap_reverse_1556046_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acgatcaattatgtggtcagtggccagcaccctacgctttaaggtgctatgcttgatcggCaacctaatttaggggtttag
>ECK120034945_ssrSp2_forward_3055759_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gcagcggacgatctgaaccaacggttgcaagatctgaaagaacgcactagagtcacaaatActgaacagttggtcttcatt
>ECK120010171_sucAp_forward_758586_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgtaacaaagaaatgcaggaaatctttaaaaactgcccctgacactaagacagtttttaaAggttccttcgcgagccacta
>ECK120010102_talAp1_forward_2578588_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctataacactgatgttacctgcttaatccagcaataccatgcctgtctgctatgctttttTgatgcgtttagcgaaatttc
>ECK120015414_talAp2_forward_2578570_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aatgttttggtaataatcctataacactgatgttacctgcttaatccagcaataccatgcCtgtctgctatgcttttttga
>ECK120033646_tamp_forward_1607221_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
gcctataaagatgaagacgcagtggcgttccataaaaccacgccccactacaaaacctgtGtcgcgaaactggaatcttta
>ECK120015379_tktBp_forward_2579308_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gtggtggaagaagatccgggcgttaaatcggtgcgcaatatctacgactactataagcaaCaccactatgaaaccattgtg
>ECK120034938_tolCp4_forward_3178074_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ggcacgtaacgccaaccttttgcggtagcggcttctgctagaatccgcaataattttacaGtttgatcgcgctaaatactg
>ECK120010320_treAp_reverse_1247425_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
tgacagttcgcagaatgagatttcgatcatgcagctagtgcgatcctgaactaaggttttCtgatacttgaataccgtttt
>ECK125138130_treFp_forward_3669551_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aacgtgatccaccgcacgctttgtcgcccaccaggcggagcgaatgactacccttaaagaAaagccgataattagcgacga
>ECK120009874_uspBp_reverse_3639848_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gaatatattgatagtggttaaccttctggaaaaaaaacaacctgatctcctacactatctAtagagccgctcgtatgttgg
>ECK120034197_wrbAp_reverse_1067758_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ataaatcaaataagtggttgtgaaatttgcactctgaaaaggacgtcttatctttaaataAgtggtagcgaatcgctacgg
>ECK120010738_xthAp_forward_1832399_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
atcgatcaaatcacttaacaacaggcggtaagcaacgcgaaattctgctaccatccacgcActctttatctgaataaatgg
>ECK120034391_yabIp_forward_71271_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gtttcgtgccggttgtgaagaaaaagtgaatgatgtagccgtcaagttgtcataattggtAacgaatcagacaattgacgg
>ECK125136369_yadEp4_forward_145053_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caaacataatttgtatgagtattaacccgcgattctgatggcgcttttgctacaataaaaGcgttgtttcaccctcggtta
>ECK120010498_yadVp2_reverse_156224_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aattgattgaatgaatatacagggaataataatttctattttatattattccctgttttaAttaactctatcagggatggt
>ECK120010703_ybgAp1_forward_738980_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gtcctgctacaacaggattaacttcacaaatatcatttctcaacgtctacacttactcctGtaaaccgctcaggagcagta
>ECK120034546_ybgAp2_forward_738920_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cagctatggttagaaactacctgacgtcagtccttgcggggagcaggctttcgtaaatttGtcctgctacaacaggattaa
>ECK125136633_ybhBp4_reverse_807930_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgaaacatttttttgccaataacgagaagtccgcgtgagggtttctggctacactttctGcaaacaagaaaggagggttc
>ECK125136638_ybiIp6_reverse_838484_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggtcggagatctgatgcttgaactgcccgagttcgtccctggattagctacacttaactGtacaagtattgatatgggga
>ECK120015425_ybjPp_reverse_904523_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccttgtttgctaagccttcgatctcaaaagcattatcagactgatacgctattattgaaaGgatatcattattatcgtaga
>ECK125109145_ycgZp_forward_1215752_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcaaaaaattaatttatcattctgtacacatatttcgtacaagtttgctattgttacttcActtaacattgattaacattt
>ECK120027918_yciGp_reverse_1316092_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ccctctatcttctcgttgcgcttaatttgactaattctcattagcgactaattttaatgaGtgtcgacacacaacactcat
>ECK125138131_yciTp_reverse_1344510_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gatattgtgttagatatccttgtggcaggcgattaccactctgcgatccataatctcgagAtacttaaagcagaactcttg
>ECK120020515_yciZp_reverse_1344638_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gataattagccgttgctgttaaacacttctcttttagcggcaatttttgcattattcattTtcccccttttgctataagga
>ECK120033654_ydbDp_forward_1475066_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
ggagaatatggctgctgaaaaattgcatctttctgaggaagtgttgtctacgttggatggTatttcgcgagaataacgaat
>ECK125136909_ydbKp4_reverse_1440846_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgctgatgtgggggacacaaaagcgaaaatgcagaagaaagccatttgctaaaattgaaaGattactactgggcgcgcagc
>ECK125160783_ydcSp1_forward_1511599_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gaataaattttctcaggggcgaaggtgtgcctgcaagccgccgtctatggttaaacaaggAgatatttttacggcacggcg
>ECK125095197_yddGp_reverse_1547205_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcggtagaaaaacgcaccactgcctgacaggccagttaaaaaaatgctataaaattcagcTtaatttttaacggcaagaga
>ECK120034542_ydhYp_reverse_1754642_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgtaattttaattgataacgatcaatgttaagggctcagaataatcacattattttttctCctaaccataaaggattagtt
>ECK125137235_yegSp8_forward_2168683_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttatcctccgactttcatcctgttctgactccaccttttgttttctgctctacactatctAcagaccaatcataaaggcac
>ECK120010621_yeiLp_forward_2255290_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaagaaaattcgaccgggccgatgattgaatcttaacaacagcgtacgtatgctaaatatGagaaatctcatagcggataa
>ECK125138132_yffOp_forward_2562053_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acgccaaaattagcgctgaattaatgggtaattattgcggtttttgtcaattttcaacctCaattcttgcgaaaaatggca
>ECK120015426_yggEp1_reverse_3068126_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ccttgttcagttaggcgctatctgatggaaaaataaaacagaggcgctaagcttgcctccAgaggtcctgaattttgggca
>ECK120015427_yggEp2_reverse_3068185_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atgtgttatgtggtttattgccttgcagctggcgagagacggtattgctcatgcacaagcCttgttcagttaggcgctatc
>ECK125137654_yhaJp7_reverse_3254261_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cataattcttgacctctctttacttccttttatggtaaggggctggacgctacattgttaGccagatattctgcccggtat
>ECK120010394_yhfGp_reverse_3491648_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[CV(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)|C|cross validation(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)],[FP|S|Footprinting],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Confirmed
caatcttgcccgcgcttctgctctcccggcgtaacccggatttgccgcttatacttgtggCaaatggacacgttcagggag
>ECK125137807_yhhTp4_forward_3611841_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gacgtgaaaatcagcagtaagaatcagaatattgctggcgtgactcccgctacacttaatAcaaaaagtcacaaggaagcc
>ECK125134716_yhiMp_forward_3634743_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tggccttttgaacgctgaaaagtagcgctctgcaaagtaaaccccgctatagttatgctaTgcatttgtctttaatgatat
>ECK120033652_yhjGp_reverse_3678412_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
tttcacgcccggcaccgatagaaacgctgaatacggcggttctggcgctataagctgcctCattttccgcctggctggact
>ECK120015415_yiaGp_forward_3719431_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agccagagcatgccctgacttcaccccgctgtgtctgcttttcccgactattcttaatgaGcttcgatgcaattcacgatc
>ECK125137934_yigMp3_forward_4011050_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttatcgtaatcgttctttatttggtcagttgtcaacctgatacttcgctacaatggatAcccgttaatcaaagagtttt
>ECK120009882_yihGp_reverse_4046652_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
attttttctaatgtggatagatatgaattatttttctccttaaggatcatccgttatttgGgtcgttttctgctaaaatct
>ECK125095219_yjcCp_forward_4275418_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atttcaaatcaggcaaaagtgctatttataccgtaagatttatctaaagacgtcggtaccCagggttttcaccttgcaatg
>ECK125138072_yjgBp10_reverse_4496234_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgatgtgtaacctttgtcacactccaggcaccccgccctgccatgctctacacttcccaAacaacaccagagaaggacca
>ECK125145770_yjiYp_reverse_4591367_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaataaccactcagttatttaccttactttacgcgcgcgtaactctggcaacatcactacAggatagcggtcaatttacct
>ECK125138122_yjjKp11_reverse_4630566_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttactgcgagggtgatcgaccggctgggattaggcggggaaaaaggctacacttcgccTttgaaaactcattatcacga
>ECK125137136_yobBp8_forward_1925209_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaagtgaatgtcgatttggcggcggccggggtggcatttaaagaacgctacaatatgccGgtgatcgctgaagcggttga
>ECK120015416_ytfKp_forward_4439511_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ctttaggtaaaaaaagttatacgcggtggaaacattgcccggatagtctatagtcactaaGcattaaaatttgcgcctcat
>ECK120010964_znuAp_reverse_1942661_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gaggacgcggcgttggccaaaagaaaccgagacattttccagggaaaccagacttgtcatGttaattttagtcttgcagta
>ECK125095451_acrDp2_forward_2587550_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
atttacattaactcctttttttctccacgattggctcgtaccttgccgctacagtgaagcAagtcaagcctacaacgatac
>ECK125095447_actPp_reverse_4284935_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
gatctcctttgttctcaccggtatctacatctggcgggcgaacggcgaattcgaccgtctTaataatgaagtcctgcatga
>ECK120009973_argTp_reverse_2427849_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tatttaacgttgaatgttactgttgtcgtcaagatggcataagacctgcatgaaagagccTgcaaacacacaacacaatac
>ECK120026316_aslBp_forward_3982781_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
aaaaagcagtatttcggcgagtagcgcagcttggtagcgcaactggtttgggaccagtggGtcggaggttcgaatcctctc
>ECK120009852_astCp2_reverse_1832044_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting]_Confirmed
tagcctccgccgtttatgcacttttatcactggctggcacgaaccctgcaatctacatttAcagcgcaaacattacttatt
>ECK120010180_atoDp_forward_2323412_[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
attagttaaataactaaatccaataatctcattctggcactccccttgctattgcctgacTgtacccacaacggtgtatgc
>ECK120033259_chaCp_forward_1272422_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
agttaaagctattcgtgcggtgttgccttgcaagtggtccgtggattgcatattgtcccgTtagtggtttcaaaatgagca
>ECK125095439_crlp2_forward_257824_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
tgtgttaaaaatttgctaaattttgccaatttggtaaaacagttgcatcacaacaggagaTagcaatgacgttaccgagtg
>ECK120021266_dcuDp2_forward_3374583_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
acatcctatcacaggattgaaagtaggggaaaatggcagggttttctctttgtgcctcatCattaccataattaacggaat
>ECK120009977_ddpXp_reverse_1563107_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
ttaagccagcattctggcgcttatcccggcatggcatgagatctgcataagcggaaagcgCagcaatttttgtcttataca
>ECK125136726_efeOp2_forward_1082154_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagtcgccgtctggtttatttatctcatcccggcgctggtggcatttgctctgccaccacGcgcaggggcgacagcgtctc
>ECK125095441_emrDp_forward_3853845_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
catattctgccgctaaacaattccccattcctggcgtatatctggctaacattcatcaatGtgatagattcctctcccgca
>ECK120011038_fdhFp_reverse_4299407_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cccgtaatatcagggaatgaccccacataaaatgtggcataaaagatgcatactgtagtcGagagcgcgtatgcgtgattt
>ECK125136496_ffsp5_forward_476399_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgagtgaagtcgcattgcgcaagaaaccagcatctggcacgcgatgggttgcaattagccGgggcagcagtgataatgcgc
>ECK125095446_flhDp2_reverse_1978577_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
aacctgaatctgaggcagcacctggcacggctgggacggaagtcgctgtcgttctcaaaaTcggtggagctgcatgacaaa
>ECK120032981_glmYp1_reverse_2691340_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ataatcagtacgttaccaaactattttctttattggcacagttactgcataatagtaaccAgtggctcattcaccgactta
>ECK120010268_glnAp2_reverse_4058107_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcatgataacgccttttaggggcaatttaaaagttggcacagatttcgctttatctttttTacggcgacacggccaaaata
>ECK120010230_glnHp2_reverse_848047_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gccgcatctcgaaaaatcaaggagttgcaaaactggcacgattttttcatatatgtgaatGtcacgcaggggatcgtcccg
>ECK120010750_glnKp_forward_472556_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttaacttcctgctctctttctcgtttttcatttctggcacaccgcttgcaataccttcttCgtgtagcagaaccattaccg
>ECK125137767_hslOp4_forward_3529672_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcggaaagtgtagagaaacgcgaaaaaatggcgctggcacgtaaacttaatgccttaaccAtgccgcacccggaccgacgc
>ECK125095445_htpGp3_forward_494817_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
tcggtccggatgatatcgggcttgatcgtctggaacagcgtctggcagaggaaaaaatcaCtgaagtgatcctcgccacca
>ECK125136375_htrEp1_reverse_155518_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttagtgatgaggtcatgaaagtcaatggccttaatggcaaagcgaattctgcaaaagtGcatttttacgccattaatga
>ECK120010211_hycAp_reverse_2850461_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttaaaaatctctttaataacaataaattaaaagttggcacaaaaaatgcttaaagctggcAtctctgttaaacgggtaacc
>ECK120010719_hydNp_reverse_2838132_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aattaatttccttaaataacagtaaattaaaaactggcatgatttgtgaatgtatcggcgCattaactgtcattgctggag
>ECK120010759_hyfAp_forward_2601171_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cataacttattgaatatattgagttaatcagaatggcatcctttatgcaatatgaaatgcAatgtttcatatcattttcaa
>ECK120010212_hypAp_forward_2850627_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
catcgacattattcaccgcagggataatcaacactggcacaattattgcttgtagctggcAatagttaatgggaggcgata
>ECK120010057_ibpBp_reverse_3866981_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcgaaaaaaccgcgccgtatcgaaatcaactaattccctaaggccgcctggcgcggcctgAcatctccatgctcgccgtca
>ECK125136597_insHp6_reverse_689222_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtgcattatccggataacaatattctcctatccaactttggcacatctattgctttgttAtacaaggcaaaccctgaaac
>ECK125137409_iscXp3_reverse_2656917_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgagattgaacacgcctgtgaaaaatcctgtgcttgcaccacctgccactgcatcgttcGtgaaggttttgactcactgc
>ECK125137474_ispFp3_reverse_2871984_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgccattgctcataccgttgatcgcaacggcttatggcacgcgctgacgccgcaatttttCcctcgtgagctgttacatga
>ECK120010018_kchp_reverse_1310523_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aagaaagtgttctgaatagagattcaatatttaagggcacggtttttgcaaccgtgttctTgtttggcctttccttatagc
>ECK125138101_mcrCp5_reverse_4578062_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gggcatagttacttctgctgtgggttggaagatggcacctctccggatacgcaatggcttAatgaaattgtgatgacggat
>ECK120010741_nacp_reverse_2061978_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttggttagcttgtacatcaacaccaaaataaaactggcaagcatcttgcaatctggttgtAagtaatggcggcacttgggc
>ECK125095440_nikAp2_forward_3613439_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
agccatcgttaaacagcgtggcggcagcgcctggcaaatcgtcagcgtagacagcacctaTcactcctcgctgtcagtcag
>ECK120010021_norVp_forward_2832439_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
ttatttatagagtaaaaacaatcagataaaaaactggcacgcaatctgcaattagcaagaCatctttttagaacacgctga
>ECK125137953_ompLp1_reverse_4064479_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggtttgcgtcagctcatttttatctggccttgtgcactggcaattattgctgcattgacgAtgggattcttttacacactc
>ECK125137113_pabBp6_forward_1894779_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacctgcaaacattgttaactcctgctaaattgttggcgctaattatttcatgctacccgGcacatagccagtagagtcag
>ECK125137114_pabBp7_forward_1894628_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaaaacgcgccacgattcgctcgccggagtggttggcacgcagctcttctgccaccagcGcgattgcctggccgctgctc
>ECK125136864_pgpBp9_forward_1339165_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aggaaatcgccccatggggttggcagtttggcttctgccacacgtttaagctgcatgaaaTtctccagataatgctggttc
>ECK125136797_pinEp3_forward_1209672_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaccaacgtttatgaaaatgaagaaataacaagcaaatggcatcattcctgcttttaccAgggggatttaacatgcttat
>ECK120009957_potFp1_forward_893736_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gttctcttttcttacaccgcgccgataaaaaatatgcacgtttattgcatatctttcagtGtgacaacttttgttcgtttg
>ECK125137395_ppkp6_forward_2622990_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgcaagctccagcagtttttttcccccttttctggcatagttggacatctgccaatattGctcgccataatatccaggca
>ECK120009974_prpBp_forward_348646_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tgaaattaaacatttaattttattaaggcaattgtggcacaccccttgctttgtctttatCaacgcaaataacaagttgat
>ECK120009904_pspAp_forward_1368038_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aatcagatctttataaatcaaaaagataaaaaattggcacgcaaattgtattaacagttcAgcaggacaatcctgaacgca
>ECK120010088_pspGp_forward_4262816_[ICA|W|Inferred by computational analysis],[FP|S|Footprinting]_Strong
gggcgttttgctgttaaatcaatagattatttttggcatgattcttgtaatgccagcaagAgatttcatatttgggagagc
>ECK120010019_puuPp_reverse_1359373_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
gtaatccagacatttcccggatgtcgcgttatggagcgcgggcggcaacgggcttccgttAacgattaagactgtgacgag
>ECK125136411_rayTp1_forward_247544_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catccggcagttgtacgcaggtgcctgatgcgacgctggcgcgtcttatcatgcctacgaGcccgcgaatatttgcgagcc
>ECK125199576_relAp3_reverse_2913700_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tggatatgttcccacacacgggacatctggaatcgatggtacttttctcgcgcgttaaatAgttgcgatttgccgatttcg
>ECK125199577_relAp4_reverse_2914318_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccgcaccgctaagttcggcagatcgcgaaaaactggaacgcttttcgcattctgaaggccTggatctgtatctcgcccccg
>ECK125137617_rfaEp1_reverse_3196926_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggcgcaaaacgacattatggaagagcaggaagcgatggcgctgacccgtgcttacactAcgcttcgcgatgaacttcat
>ECK125095448_rhaDp_reverse_4094385_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
gattgccggatgcggcacaagtgccttatcaggcctacaggtcggcaatagttgtaggccTgataagacgcgacagcgtcg
>ECK120010697_rpoHp6_reverse_3600813_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting]_Confirmed
aacagtgaatgataacctcgttgctcttaagctctggcacagttgttgctaccactgaagCgccagaagatatcgattgag
>ECK125138115_rsmCp1_reverse_4607868_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caccatcaccagacggacgtgtgccgggatcgcaatggcaatctccccctgcaacgcgccAgggcgacgcagcgaccactg
>ECK125137795_rsmDp2_forward_3604297_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgccatttgcgactacactcctcgctgttgcttcatggcacagcgttaacgctatgtacAtagcagctaaaaaaatgatg
>ECK120010682_rtcBp_reverse_3558107_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgaattaaaaaattaagctgcttatttaattttctggcacgacggttgcaattatcaggaCagcaaacaacgaaaagagaa
>ECK120009979_rutAp_reverse_1074026_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
aacagattaataacattaactttttaaaaactggcatccgctttgcaaacaagccaatacGcggctgaaaaggatatgcag
>ECK125137050_rydBp1_reverse_1764930_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcttctgctgaattaaaagaagaaatctactttgcctggcgtctgggcgtgcattgatccTgacttaatgccgcaagttcg
>ECK125137393_tmcAp5_reverse_2595938_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcaggggcgagtagtaccagacagtttcactcatggcacttctcagcaacgctacagctGgtttaaacgtggtttcgaca
>ECK125137018_tusp2_forward_1684173_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aactgggtggtgcccgcttctcgtttagctggccgttatggcataacatcccgcaatttaCctctgcctgacactacgcgc
>ECK125137946_typAp1_forward_4058230_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accatcgtgcaaaagggctgcaccacgatgtgaatgttgcaccaatatagtgcttcaatgGaaacattaagcaccatgttg
>ECK125095450_xdhAp2_forward_3000265_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
cctacctcccctaacgcttatcgtcgtttctggcgtaaatcttgcctgcttagactaaatCtttgccataagaaccaaatg
>ECK125095438_yaaUp_forward_45592_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
cacattgttgtgaaggccgatgctgataaacaggcgctggagctgctggtgaaagcgtgcCccgcaggtctgtacaagaag
>ECK125095437_yahEp_forward_335739_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
cagaccaaccatgtaggctggacgccgctactggaagcgattgtgcttaatgatggtggtAttaaacagcaggcgattgtg
>ECK125136534_ybcKp1_forward_568787_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttattttttatgtattcttttgtgctttcaagattatggcgtaagaaaattgcaatacgAttattgttgtatattcaaga
>ECK120010017_ybhKp_reverse_816692_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
agaggtagaagaaaatagtttgtatcctcaatattggcaggttaattgctgtttccccgcAatttgcgctactgtagcgcg
>ECK125136644_ybiOp5_reverse_845664_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgcgctacgcttatcaggcctacaggatatctggcaacttattaaaattgcatgaacttGtaggacggataaggcgttca
>ECK125136805_ycgGp7_forward_1217307_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctaccatgctctctgtagatgccagcgcgagcgaatgaatggcattttcatgtattaaaCcctttggccgggacaagcaa
>ECK125136812_ycgNp1_forward_1228683_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaaggccggtgacgttgtgttgacaggcacgcctgatggcgtcggcccgttgcaaagcgGtgatgagctgacagtcactt
>ECK125136868_ycjDp5_reverse_1351896_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcgaggttgtcgagcgaggcagcaccgcggatgtgctggcatcgccgctgcatgaactcAccaaacggctgattgccggt
>ECK120009975_yeaGp1_forward_1866815_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
atcaccgggcacgttgttctcatcgtcgataaaatggcatgagagttgctgtgttttagcAagagacgtcgttcagtttac
>ECK125137127_yebVp2_forward_1921715_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgcctgacagcgcacaaaaaaagcgcactttttgactggcacattcggctgcctcaactAggctgaaaaatggtgcgatc
>ECK125137263_yeiBp2_reverse_2243073_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtctcgatcgacgcggtgcattactgcgtgaaggcgcgtggcatccgcgatgcaaccagtGccacgacaacgacctctctt
>ECK125095444_yejHp_forward_2280622_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
ctaataacatccctcaagggaaaaagatccatggcatactattagcagaataatctacctAcgcgagaccatgatttttac
>ECK125137368_yfeAp6_reverse_2517892_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggtgaaagcatcattggatgaaaaatcggcaacaggctggccccctgtttgcttcgcgAtgcgaataaacttattattt
>ECK125095443_ygfKp_forward_3015992_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
cctcacatttttttatatttcccgccaaacctggcaagagtggtgcgattgttgctctatCcccctaaaccaccggatttc
>ECK125137557_yggMp1_reverse_3099757_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgaagtggatgatgcgaaatacggcttcgtcgcctctggcacgctgaacccgcaaaaagcGcgcgttctgctgcaactggc
>ECK120009976_yhdWp_forward_3418972_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
cagcttattgcgacgcgaaatcgtgcgcaaaagctggcactacttttgcttataagaggaTggccacagacaggtaaaaga
>ECK125137748_yheVp1_reverse_3478985_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagtgcgttagagctggggcgcaagacgctggtcacgcttggcatgcatccgcatcaggcAcagcgagcgcaactgcattt
>ECK125137797_yhhMp1_reverse_3605794_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agggttaacggtttaaacacccagcgttgccaggttggcccacgatacgatgcatccacaGatagccatgcggaaagacag
>ECK125137823_yhiDp1_reverse_3656110_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttattgatctgaatccaaaagcaatgaccccggttgcatggtggatgctgcatgaagaAacagtatataaaggtggcga
>ECK125095442_yhjCp_forward_3672136_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
aaaacaattttgaggatttccttatattggtggttagtacgcatgcaattaaaaatgaaaTtccgcgaccacaagccaaaa
>ECK125137948_yihLp1_forward_4060372_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctcccttataagtctgtggttacgtcaatagagagctttgtcacaattatctgcaaagtcAtacgccgttaattgctttct
>ECK125137951_yihLp5_forward_4060423_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcaaagtcatacgccgttaattgctttcttttttggcgtaagcgtaagatgcttcatctGgtttaaaccaaaaggattaa
>ECK125137990_yjaAp3_forward_4213224_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttagaaaaaccccggtccataaggccggggttttttgcatatcaattatttgcatgatgaAgggaatctcatgtcagttct
>ECK125137987_yjaGp4_forward_4199373_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctaccggccatcgggtcagcgtggacagcgcgctggcgtgggtacaacgctgcatgaaagGctatcgtctgccggagccaa
>ECK125138085_yjhUp1_reverse_4520381_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttcatgtaaaagaataaaatatctgtataaaatcatgccactggcaatctgcatcaactCtccgggtaaacagggttaag
>ECK125138125_yjjXp6_reverse_4633899_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgctactgatgatatgcgtaatgccaagctctttggcacgggttgccacctgcatcgcctGttgctcacctttggcggtca
>ECK125137512_yqeGp5_forward_2985741_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaggaaatatgcctgagcagcagtcagagacataactggcacgtaaggtttgcaaccactAacccaccaatagaggggtag
>ECK125137737_yrdBp1_reverse_3430062_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatgctggtggcacaggcggctcatgcctttcttctctggcacggtgttctgcctgacgtAgaaccagttataaagcaatt
>ECK125137738_yrdBp4_reverse_3430088_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaaagcgtaatgctgatggtttaggaatgctggtggcacaggcggctcatgcctttcttCtctggcacggtgttctgcct
>ECK125138044_ytfFp6_reverse_4433131_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagccatctttttaatgttaataactagttaattaaagtggcatcctcccgcatcctctcTgataatgacgggatgccggg
>ECK125137976_zapBp1_forward_4118386_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtggattatgtcaccaggagaaggatgaaaagtgtggcaaaccgtaatctgcaaggcgtGccgctggacagcgatggcgc
>ECK120010765_zraPp_reverse_4201712_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gccagattacccgtcatatcagcgtttcatcgttggcacggaagatgcaatacccgaagtAagacaaccactggaggatta
>ECK120010766_zraSp_forward_4201905_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tgtgttacagcgcagggtaagcgctgataaaagatggcatgatttctgctgtcagaaaggGatgagcaggcaaagaagaag
>ECK125137720_aaeRp10_forward_3389381_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgggaaacagactcatgttgaccttggttgtaaagagagagcaggcgttattattttcaGcatctgtcgccgcagagaag
>ECK125137717_aaeRp6_forward_3389477_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgagagcaacattgctgtagattgatatttaatatattagcgtaactgttatgctgttaTctatattatgtgatctaaat
>ECK125136673_aatp5_reverse_927460_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcttgccagacaggggcgttattaccagttcaagcagggtttgtaagctattattgaacGatccgacttgcgtggagttt
>ECK120010467_accAp_forward_208411_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcccgggaaaaatatgctcgcgggcttgctatctcgctgacggacaggcaaattgatgacCagcttttaaaccgactccgt
>ECK120010469_accBp_forward_3405140_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgaaggttatttacatgttagctgttgattatcttccctgataagaccagtatttagctgCcaattgctacgaaatcgtta
>ECK120010470_accDp_reverse_2434015_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
actccgcggttcgaccacttttttatccaaagtttcgggctgttatgttttaatgtgcaaCattcatggtctgttgggggc
>ECK120010987_aceBp_forward_4215402_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tatttttaattaaaatggaaattgtttttgattttgcattttaaatgagtagtcttagttGtgctgaacgaaaagagcaca
>ECK120010281_aceEp_forward_122969_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aaagcgcggcaactaaacgtagaacctgtcttattgagctttccggcgagagttcaatggGacaggttccagaaaactcaa
>ECK120010670_acnAp2_forward_1335781_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcttttatcaatttgggttgttatcaaatcgttacgcgatgtttgtgttatctttaatatTcaccctgaagagaatcaggg
>ECK120010671_acnBp_forward_131519_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttatgttgcttttttgtaaacagattaacacctcgtcaaaatcctgctattctgcccgtTgcggtactgggcatttaccc
>ECK120010720_acpPp_forward_1151575_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atcgtggtaagacctgccgggatttagttgcaaatttttcaacattttatacactacgaaAaccatcgcgaaagcgagttt
>ECK120010736_acrAp_reverse_485698_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gttcgtgaatttacaggcgttagatttacatacatttgtgaatgtatgtaccatagcacgAcgataatataaacgcagcaa
>ECK120015500_acrDp_forward_2587475_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaagtcagttaatgtaatgcctcctactgaccaaagaatacttgcacttaaggttcagtaTaaaagggcatgataatttac
>ECK120016232_acrEp_forward_3413702_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttacgaggttttaattctgcctctttcaacccgcgtcaaaataaaacagtagaatattaaTctttttttgtgtttatgtgc
>ECK120015959_acrRp_forward_485699_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gatttcaaattggtcaatggtcaaaagttaataaacccattgctgcgtttatattatcgtCgtgctatggtacatacattc
>ECK125158030_acrZp_forward_794751_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgcaaagctgaccgcacaaaaggggagtgcttttctgtgcttagcggttagaatagtctcAtgactatatctggagttgac
>ECK120009980_acsp1_reverse_4287595_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aataaccacactgtgaatgttgtctttaatcaattgtaagtgcatgtaaaataccactttAgagttagtcagtatcttcct
>ECK120009981_acsp2_reverse_4287391_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atactaaacaaaactgccaatacccctacatttaacgcttatgccacatattattaacatCctacaaggagaacaaaagca
>ECK125137021_addp6_forward_1702202_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacgtaaaaaatcgttgcgcaatcgtggatttttaccctgctttgtttttataatggtgcGcacttttatatccagaaaaa
>ECK125134720_adep_forward_3843910_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttcagtgataattatcacatttcaattgcacattaatggatattctttaataatctcgcgAcgtttctttatgataaataa
>ECK125137899_adep7_forward_3843930_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcaattgcacattaatggatattctttaataatctcgcgacgtttctttatgataaataAtaatcaaattgataaaatca
>ECK120010777_adiAp_reverse_4340556_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
ttcaaaaatgtttgtttttcacgcgctttacagcccgaaaaggccggaagatacttgcccGcaacgaagattccttcataa
>ECK120010095_agaRp_reverse_3278703_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agcttgcgtcaatgggcaaggtgggcttgcatttgcttaatagaaaggcgttaataggcaAaacgaaatgaaacgaaagtt
>ECK120010096_agaSp_forward_3281889_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcgttttatttcttttttctccattgaactttcagtttcttttctatagattttaatcaaCgaaagacatcaccaagtgaa
>ECK120010147_ahpCp_forward_638921_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
atcgatttgataatggaaacgcattagccgaatcggcaaaaattggttaccttacatctcAtcgaaaacacggaggaagta
>ECK120051395_ahpCp2_forward_638693_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
taggtaagagcttagatcaggtgattgccctttgtttatgagggtgttgtaatccatgtcGttgttgcatttgtaagggca
>ECK120010163_aidBp_forward_4414247_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gataagaatgttttagcaatctctttctgtcatgaatccatggcagtgaccatactaatgGtgactgccattgatggaggg
>ECK125137309_aisp4_reverse_2365756_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taagaaactaatattagacgtaaatattgaaatttttatattttttcttatttaggctttGcatttggcaaaattttgagg
>ECK125137311_aisp8_reverse_2365698_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgcatttggcaaaattttgaggcattttgccgacatcgtaggatttttaatattacaccAactgcgaattatcgccagaa
>ECK125137332_alaAp7_forward_2407414_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagaacaattcactatataacattgcatgtaaagcatatacacctcattattttgtcattAttaagttattaacagcacaa
>ECK120030790_alaCp_reverse_2498399_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
agataaatttcctgtttttaaagcagagttcctcatttaacgtcattaataaaatgttctAaaacgctggacagacagaaa
>ECK125137464_alaEp11_forward_2799087_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgactaaataaaaatttttcactaattgattagtcatagccagcgatatacgctatgcgAaaatgcagatggcaatgaga
>ECK120010611_alaWp_reverse_2518253_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
actacacgttgcaatttgccgttgacacattcgggcggaattcatatgatgccgcccgtcAactcgacaagctttacgtga
>ECK125137370_alaXp4_reverse_2518306_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatgcgagcggttttccaaaattgttcatttgcctgatttttcagcgattgaaactacacGttgcaatttgccgttgacac
>ECK120010673_aldAp_forward_1488190_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cccttcacagaattgtcctttcacgattccgtctctctgatgattgatgttaattaacaaTgtattcaccgaaaacaaaca
>ECK120010162_alkBp_reverse_2309445_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaagcggtacgggccgttgccagcgcctgtgccgccaacaagctggctatcataatacccTgtcatcgggtggtccgtggt
>ECK120015473_allDp_reverse_546411_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aataaattctaactatatttttttgcctgtctggatcacataatccagatattttccctgTatgttaattgcagtcatgct
>ECK125138019_alsEp2_reverse_4308664_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagaaccgcttgccggtatgggttttgaaacctatgccattgccagcgccatcattggcgGcaccagtttcttcggcggca
>ECK120010029_alsRp1_reverse_4313132_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
catctatcatctaaaaaaccagaaaaacaaataacatcatgtttttaaactaattaaatgAaataaaattttaagccactc
>ECK125137640_alxp4_forward_3238370_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacagtgtaaaaggtatgtaacagaccattgactggctgaatggtctgtcatactttgttAcctgcaaaggggagtaactt
>ECK120009942_amiAp_forward_2552241_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtgaacggtcgaattagccaatatctgacgaaaatcggttgaaaaagtggcataatggggAgttgtcaactattgaaatga
>ECK125137497_amiCp6_reverse_2949189_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttaccacggcacacctctttgcatgattattcgaaattagtgtatttttattctgttttTtcgcagggtgcaagtgtaaa
>ECK125137498_amiCp7_reverse_2949066_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaaaagaatgtttaccgtttattagatgacagattatgcgtctttcgctaaagtttccgGtcaaattagtcgtttacttg
>ECK120010445_ampCp_reverse_4379003_[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tacggtctggctgctatcctgacagttgtcacgctgattggtgtcgttacaatctaacgcAtcgccaatgtaaatccggcc
>ECK120015384_amyAp_forward_2006115_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gctccgcaggataacctcttttgaatctgaatgagtcgatggctcgcgaataatccgattAcggctacgcttctaatgttc
>ECK125137027_anmKp9_reverse_1719673_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acattcatgatgattattgatttgaagataatgttttactaccaacggtaaaaatcggtcAttccgcatggtattcacgaa
>ECK120011026_ansBp2_reverse_3100751_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tcacgttgtaaattgtttaacgtcaaatttcccatacagagctaagggataatgcgtagcGttcacgtaactggaggaatg
>ECK120010165_appCp_forward_1037710_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ggcgaatacctctggtcgtagagtttcaggataaagagggagatctaccattatcgggttAtttttctctcttcgcctaca
>ECK120020532_appYp_forward_583567_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aataaaaaacaacatacatataataatttaatcttaaatgaaatttattaaaatttgcaaActataattttgtgtataaaa
>ECK120030797_aptp_forward_491310_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaagcactgaagcacaacaatcgcagttgcaattattgcgtacagccagtacattctggcGttttcgagcacaggcgcagg
>ECK125136670_aqpZp3_reverse_916133_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatcaaatttactggatttatttatctggtgaatgactcgccttcgtttttaaaatagccGcgcattatttccgtcgtcac
>ECK120010108_araBp_reverse_70075_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccataagattagcggatcctacctgacgctttttatcgcaactctctactgtttctccatAcccgtttttttggatggagt
>ECK120010988_araCp_forward_70241_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
caatgtggacttttctgccgtgattatagacacttttgttacgcgtttttgtcatggcttTggtcccgctttgttacagaa
>ECK120010148_araEp_reverse_2982208_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
catatttatgctgtttccgacctgacacctgcgtgagttgttcacgtattttttcactatGtcttactctctgctggcagg
>ECK120010166_araFp_reverse_1986238_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aattctgcgatgtgatattgctctcctatggagaattaatttctcgctaaaactatgtcaAcacagtcacttatcttttag
>ECK120010167_araJp_reverse_412529_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gaatacagaggggcgaattatctcttggccttgctggtcgttatcctgcaagctatcactTtattggctacggtgattggt
>ECK120010655_arcAp1_reverse_4640508_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttgggtgtccggcccctcttagcctgttatgttgctgttaaaatggttaggatgacagccGtttttgacactgtcgggtcc
>ECK120010658_arcAp3_reverse_4640535_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gatatatgtcaacgaagcgtagttttattgggtgtccggcccctcttagcctgttatgttGctgttaaaatggttaggatg
>ECK120010659_arcAp4_reverse_4640599_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgacgaaagctagcatttagatacgatgatttcatcaaactgttaacgtgctacaattgaActtgatatatgtcaacgaag
>ECK120010698_arcAp5_reverse_4640681_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttataaaaaataaatctcgacaattggattcaccacgtttattagttgtatgatgcaacTagttggattattaaaataat
>ECK120010661_arcAp7_reverse_4640801_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
taacgtaagtcgcagaaaaagccctttacttagcttaaaaaaggctaaactatttcctgaCtgtactaacggttgagttgt
>ECK125137740_arfAp3_reverse_3438673_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Strong
gggcgagtggcgttaagagtggttgttgattttttgcactggcaggattacactcgcgccGttaaataaccaactggagtt
>ECK120020530_argAp_forward_2949156_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gtcatctaataaacggtaaacattctttttatattcacggcattactgataaaaaagtcgCtctcgcataaaatttacact
>ECK120010989_argCp_forward_4154885_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aatggcggtaatttgtttttcattgttgacacacctctggtcatgatagtatcaatattcAtgcagtatttatgaataaaa
>ECK120010177_argDp_reverse_3490221_[TAS|W|Traceable author statement],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tttcctgcatcgctgatttctgattgccatttagtgattttttatgcatattttgtggttAtaatttcacatttgtttatg
>ECK120010109_argEp1_reverse_4154897_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aaaacattcaccttacggctggtgggttttattacgctcaacgttagtgtatttttattcAtaaatactgcatgaatattg
>ECK120010990_argFp_reverse_290340_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[CV(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)|C|cross validation(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)],[FP|S|Footprinting],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Confirmed
gtaagaaagaattgtgaaatggggttgcaaatgaataattacacatataaagtgaattttAattcaataagtggcgttcgc
>ECK120010080_argGp_forward_3318562_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tttacaaaaaacacactaaactcttcctgtctccgataaaagatgattaaatgaaaactcAtttattttgcataaaaattc
>ECK120010991_argIp_reverse_4478344_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtgacaaagatttatgctttagacttgcaaatgaataatcatccatataaattgaattttAattcattgaggcgttagcca
>ECK120034387_argOp_reverse_3068836_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Confirmed
ctgattgccaattaatattatcaatttccgctaataacaatcccgcgatatagtctctgcAtcagatacttaattcggaat
>ECK120010110_argRp1_forward_3384677_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ttcagccttcttcagggctgactgtttgcataaaaattcatctgtatgcacaataatgttGtatcaaccaccatatcgggt
>ECK125137153_argSp_forward_1960001_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Strong
aaacggcaatacgccacgcgcacgttgctgacgaaaacagccatttgcagtatactcccgCcctaatttctttaactggtg
>ECK120010588_argUp_forward_564703_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
cagcaaccagatcaaaagccattgactcagcaagggttgaccgtataattcacgcgattaCaccgcattgcggtatcaacg
>ECK120010595_argWp_forward_2466308_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
agcaatcgagcggcagcgtacttaccccgcactccattagcgggtatactcatgccgcatTgtcctcttagttaaatggat
>ECK120010600_argXp_forward_3982364_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Confirmed
gcaatttatttaaaaagggactagacagaggggtgggaagtccgtattatccacccccgcAacggcgctaagcgcccgtag
>ECK120010992_aroFp_reverse_2741201_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gtaaataaaaatgtacgaaatatggattgaaaactttactttatgtgttatcgttacgtcAtcctcgctgaggatcaacta
>ECK120010993_aroGp_forward_785591_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[CV(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)|C|cross validation(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)],[FP|S|Footprinting],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Confirmed
taatccgttcatagtgtaaaaccccgtttacacattctgacggaagatatagattggaagTattgcattcactaagataag
>ECK120010994_aroHp1_forward_1788318_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cttagtcgccgaatgtactagagaactagtgcattagcttatttttttgttatcatgctaAccacccggcgaggtgtgaca
>ECK120029297_aroHp2_forward_1788384_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cggcgaggtgtgacacacctcgcacttgaaatcagcagcgattggtttatcgtgatgcgcAtcacttcccggcagtcctgc
>ECK120010642_aroKp1_reverse_3519380_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttacgctgaacgtgtttcatctatttgacgcgcgcaggtatttagcatacaaggagtaccGatttgagagttggtgctctt
>ECK120010643_aroKp2_reverse_3519167_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cagagggatgggtgatttattcagttgccaaacccgctggagtattgagataattttcagTctgactctcgcaatatctta
>ECK120010995_aroLp_forward_406280_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
taaatgtaatttattatttacacttcattcttgaatatttattggtatagtaaggggtgtAttgagattttcactttaagt
>ECK120010996_aroPp1_reverse_121671_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttcaaccatgcataaagcgggtgcattcgctgccgcataccattattcttgatctgacggAagtctttttgtaacaattca
>ECK120010756_aroPp2_reverse_121650_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgcattcgctgccgcataccattattcttgatctgacggaagtctttttgtaacaattcaAacttctttgatgtaaacaaa
>ECK125137993_arpAp8_reverse_4222513_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atatttctttagttgtaatcatattaaattttttcactgttctgatagttaaaattcaagAcatcaataaacaatgagata
>ECK125137994_arpAp9_reverse_4222691_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agaataagggtgtctgttaatcgcattgacgccaaaataacttaatgtcatacacttcacAcacttttattaactcagcat
>ECK125135022_arrSp_reverse_3658054_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
caagaataagttatcaataaccagtttgtgatctctgaagaatattactaaagttaaaatGtaatccgatttaaatatcga
>ECK120010685_arsRp_forward_3648512_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cattcgttaagtcatatatgtttttgacttatccgcttcgaagagagacactacctgcaaCaatcaggagcgcaatatgtc
>ECK120015422_artJp_reverse_900626_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[CV(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)|C|cross validation(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)],[FP|S|Footprinting],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Confirmed
catttaaattatttaatcatgtttattgcatataaattcacttgatggcattgttatcccAtgccgcagacacggccaaaa
>ECK120015421_artPp_reverse_903769_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttttaacttttaaagcagaaatattgcataattattctgtcaaaggtactatcttcgaccTcaatagctatcagactgcca
>ECK120016938_ascFp_forward_2839429_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ataaaaaatgaacaattcactctcttgcttatttagtgacaactattcatgattttgtgaAaccggtttcttaattccgtt
>ECK120016939_ascGp_reverse_2839287_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aatatttttcccgccgattgtgcaaggacaatcggcaaacggtgcagtacactgcgttgaTtgcgtgtaaagggatgaaaa
>ECK120010178_asnAp_forward_3927129_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gagttaggctttttattgaatgattattgcatgtgtgtcggtttttgttgcttaatcataAgcaacaggacgcaggagtat
>ECK120010179_asnCp_reverse_3927031_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcattcaataaaaagcctaactcacttttgattcattaaaaaagaaggctaaaatagaatGaatcatcaatccgcataaga
>ECK120010591_asnTp_forward_2044541_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
aatgacttatgaaatttagtgttgacagacaaggtaccgctaagtaatattcgccccgttCacacgattcctctgtagttc
>ECK120010592_asnUp_forward_2059845_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttggggaatttaaaaatcgggtttgacaaaagatttttcgccgttaagatgtgcctcaacAacgattcctctgtagttcag
>ECK120010593_asnVp_forward_2062252_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
caaaaaaatgcatttcaccctttgacatcaccatgcactgccattaatatgcgccccgttCacacgattcctctgtagttc
>ECK120010218_aspAp_reverse_4368432_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
accgacacttaaagtgatccagattacggtagaaatcctcaagcagcatatgatctcgggTattcggtcgatgcaggggat
>ECK120010586_aspVp_forward_236913_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttcaaaagatgagaaaaaccgttgacgaaggtcgaggcaatccgtaatattcgcctcgttCccaacggaacacaacgcgga
>ECK120009851_astCp1_reverse_1832013_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ggctggcacgaaccctgcaatctacatttacagcgcaaacattacttattattaacatatAaataacgaattatttactgt
>ECK125137912_atpCp1_reverse_3916059_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctccctgaaagacaccatccgtggctttaaaggcatcatggaaggcgaatacgatcacctGccggagcaggcgttctacat
>ECK120010417_atpIp_reverse_3922525_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttattcaccttttggctacttattgtttgaaatcacgggggcgcaccgtataatttgaccGctttttgatgcttgactcta
>ECK125140837_azoRp_reverse_1482904_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gaacataggcttcgatttattgcgctatctctgtggcaggattgtgaataaagtgtcaacAagcaacggggcatcgcccat
>ECK125095432_azuCp_reverse_1988001_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttatgtgatttgtatcacataaagattgatttttgtgatggttgtcatattataagcgcAaagacaataacacctgtata
>ECK125138022_basSp4_reverse_4333477_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgtcaggtatggatgggcggtgaagagttgattctgacgcccaaagaatatgctctgctGtcacggttaatgctcaaagc
>ECK125137855_baxp5_reverse_3737221_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttggggtgctcttgacagctatttttgatatgatttgagattcaactctcaaatttgtgaAaaatataaggtgttggaatg
>ECK120010674_bcpp_forward_2600437_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
attgagcaagcgttcaaagccctatgtacagaactcaatgcacaaggcagtattaacgtcGtcaattattcccaacatgat
>ECK120016406_bcsBp_reverse_3692673_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
agggcatattccgtgtgctgacttctctggtttcctgggttgtatcgtttattccgcgccGcccggagcggagcgaaacgg
>ECK125137836_bcsEp11_forward_3696395_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaatcacacgtcttgtgaccttctaaattgattcacatgctaaatctgataagttttaaTttcaatggtaggtttatttc
>ECK125203424_bcsEp2_forward_3696443_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gataagttttaatttcaatggtaggtttatttcttagctttcgctagtaaactgataatcAgacaaaatggtgacatgagg
>ECK125137835_bcsEp8_forward_3696322_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacggcgagacgggaatttgctcactttttgactttccgttacgcaacagaaaaagttaaAaacgaaaagactaaaatcac
>ECK125095201_bdcAp_reverse_4474064_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttacaaaacctgttgacagaaagttaaaacagttttgtaatgcatgttacataataaatcAaggagtccttatgggcgctt
>ECK125136459_betAp7_reverse_327257_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacacccaggtgaagtccatccaggttgagatggctaaattccagtccatattctaaccaGgaggtttatttgcaatttga
>ECK120010181_betIp_reverse_329361_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgtaacaattaagacacattttatattgaacgtccaatcaataaccgctttaatagataaAcaccgctgatgaatggagtg
>ECK120010182_betTp_forward_329421_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttatctattaaagcggttattgattggacgttcaatataaaatgtgtcttaattgttacGaatttgattttaaatagtaa
>ECK125137742_bfrp3_reverse_3466749_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ggagtccgcataaacggagtgtgttttttgacttactcgtaagccgttctactcttcaaaGagtggaagcgaaggagtcaa
>ECK120015385_bglXp_reverse_2222120_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
cactccttgtggtggcgaaaaaatatcacaaactagaatagcgccttgtataacaattcaGcgagtgaatattttgaaaat
>ECK125136763_bhsAp8_forward_1168981_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctttctatttaactgaaatttaaagatttttaaattaattaatgattgttataaaaaatAtcttgtatgtgatccagatc
>ECK125136764_bhsAp9_forward_1169019_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Strong
attaatgattgttataaaaaatatcttgtatgtgatccagatcacatctatcatttagttAtcgatcgttaagtaattgct
>ECK120010997_bioAp_reverse_809292_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gtgagccatggggcttctccaaaacgtgttttttgttgttaattcggtgtagacttgtaaAcctaaatcttttcaatttgg
>ECK120010998_bioBp_forward_809302_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gatcgtccgttgtcataatcgacttgtaaaccaaattgaaaagatttaggtttacaagtcTacaccgaattaacaacaaaa
>ECK125137841_bisCp3_reverse_3716486_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgttaatccttaataacctttttattctttgccacgggttccgtggcgggagattatgccGcgtgaacatgaagattattc
>ECK125137844_bisCp7_reverse_3716513_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcaataagataaacacgtttcttcattgttaatccttaataacctttttattctttgccAcgggttccgtggcgggagat
>ECK125158027_bluFp_reverse_1215506_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaacggttatgttttggtattaaaagaaagacacaagaagatatgtctgttaccgtcttaCtctcgcctcacccattaccc
>ECK125136804_bluFp7_reverse_1215613_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaaacaatgtgttatgataaaacatattgcatcatttaactgacaatctatacaagattTttcgccaactagtgttcaac
>ECK120034206_bluRp_reverse_1214113_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tcatccaatttagctgaaatcttatttatactttgtacaattttagcgtatattgtacaaAgtattattgggtcgtgtaca
>ECK120027939_bolAp2_forward_454349_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ctggtaaaagaaacactgatgcgaggcctgtgtttcaatctttaaatcagtaaacttcatAcgcttgacggaaaaaccagg
>ECK125136658_bssRp5_forward_878246_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttgctcaaaaaatagccatactatttaattgcaacaaggctgggaagaggaggatcgaaGtatgttcgttgacagacagc
>ECK120034201_bssSp_reverse_1121020_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttatctgtttccccctttaaaaattcggtgaatacccttacttattggtatactgaagttGcttcagataaaaacgcattg
>ECK120010438_btuBp_forward_4163399_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gaattcctatttgtgagctacgtctggacagtaacttgttacaacctgtagcatccacttGccggtcctgtgagttaatag
>ECK120010564_cadBp_reverse_4360106_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
tttgtgttatttcacctaatctttaggattaatccttttttcgtgagtaatcttatcgccAgtttggtctggtcaggaaat
>ECK120010183_cadCp_reverse_4361963_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ataatatgtaaataaacccatctatagatggtaaaaataggttgtggcaattatcattgcAtcattcccttttcgaatgag
>ECK120010686_caiFp_forward_34218_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gatgacataagcaggatttagctcacacttatcgacggtgaagttgcatactatcgatatAtccacaattttaatatggcc
>ECK120010472_caiTp_reverse_42037_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgaaacaaaaatgtgataccaatcacagaatacagcttattgaatacccattatgagttaGccattaacgcgtccacgagg
>ECK120010176_carAp1_forward_29551_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
taatataaaaaatcccgccattaagttgacttttagcgcccatatctccagaatgccgccGtttgccagaaattcgtcggt
>ECK120010111_carAp2_forward_29619_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gaaattcgtcggtaagcagatttgcattgatttacgtcatcattgtgaattaatatgcaaAtaaagtgagtgaatattctc
>ECK125109146_casp_reverse_2884319_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttctttaataataaaacgaataacttgcagatttgaaatgcatgcattattgtctttaaAcaattcaacacatcttaata
>ECK120010675_cblp_reverse_2060941_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tggaataagatgcgggtttttattatttgttatgccgggcattagactttaacaataacgGgaaatctgaactgcccggag
>ECK120010474_cbpAp1_reverse_1063833_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting]_Confirmed
gatgatttcaataacatattctgtgttggcatatgaaattttgaggattaccctacacttAtaggagttaccttacagggg
>ECK125160651_cbpAp4_reverse_1063919_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tggttcaactatcaaaaatcgctcaccctttttcacctgtttaaaatatgttcagcaaccCatcttgatggcgacctcctc
>ECK125160650_cbpAp6_reverse_1064037_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttccaggcctgtttcaaataattatttgcagtgcaactaattccatgtatattactacccAtatatagcgtctataaaatt
>ECK125137907_cbrBp3_forward_3897479_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggttgggatattacggcatagttcttcacactcccttcacttaccccgcttaaattggcgCtcaaaggtaagtaaagggag
>ECK120010619_cddp_forward_2231819_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcataattaatgagattcagatcacatataaagccacaacgggttcgtaaactgttatccCattacatgattatgaggcaa
>ECK125136392_cdsAp2_forward_195561_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcattagtaactttttgctttggcaaattgcctatgccgaactttactttacagatgttcTctggcccgatttcgatgaac
>ECK125230250_cecRp_reverse_830669_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
cgttgctaaaattcttagccatactggacaactcccctatggagtcataatcttaatcaaTcatttgattaagaatggact
>ECK120010764_cedAp_reverse_1813742_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tagaccaccagccagatcccgcttcggagactattctggaaacggtgttatgaaatacacGcaaagcgggacgtacagggg
>ECK120009948_chiAp_reverse_3469896_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttttaatgccgtaatttaattcatattgaagggttctcgtaaaacgtaaataattcctgcGtaggacttttgttttgcagt
>ECK120032976_chiXp_forward_507204_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaaagagtcatcttgcctaagagtattggcaggatggtgagattgagcgacaatcgagttAcaccgtcgcttaaagtgacg
>ECK120035107_chop_forward_1823492_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gtaacctttgtcatcgacccgcctcttttttaatcgcttcccgcctgttacactggatagAtaaccagcattcggagtcaa
>ECK120009877_chpSp1_forward_4448402_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
atctattaacgcataaaaaactctgctggcattcacaaatgcgcaggggtaaaacgtttcCtgtagcaccgtgagttatac
>ECK120009878_chpSp2_forward_4448428_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tggcattcacaaatgcgcaggggtaaaacgtttcctgtagcaccgtgagttatactttgtAtaacttaaggaggtgcagat
>ECK120010113_cirAp1_reverse_2246929_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ggatataaaatttaacatttggattgataattgttatcgtttgcattatcgttacgccgcAatcaaaaaaggctgacaaat
>ECK125136564_citTp6_reverse_646603_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgatccttacctggtttttagcacagatttaattatttaagcacttgataaatttggaaAtattaattttcggagaaccc
>ECK125136382_clcAp10_forward_175052_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcttagagtataaaagttttgtgcatttgaaacattacgctttgcaaaggattttcatggAacgtgcgagtaaaatgccgt
>ECK125137205_cldp6_reverse_2098375_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagggctatttacgccctgattgtcttttgttacttacacaacaattcattatttttatcActtatcctatagcattcacg
>ECK120010537_clpAp1_forward_923080_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttacactccgatggagtttgttattgacgtgttacaaaaattcttttcttatgatgtagaAcgtgcaacgcaattgatgct
>ECK120010295_clpPp1_forward_456577_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
accgtgcgaaaagcctctttcggtgttagcgtaacaacaaaagattgttatgcttgaaatAtggtgatgccgtacccataa
>ECK125136671_clpSp6_forward_922750_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agagaattagggcgagccgtcaagcatttgacaggggacaaggggcaggtatgaatcaaaAatttgaagcagttaacgcta
>ECK120010702_cmkp_forward_961165_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaactggtttttgcacacaacgttaacgatttgtggcgtcggcgcgtataatgcgcgcggTtatgttaacggtacgcctgt
>ECK120010689_cmoMp_forward_973404_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
acatcagcggaagtggcagcaacatattgccaatcacttttttcagtgtaaaaagcatccTttctggttccttttttaacc
>ECK125137026_cnup10_forward_1704812_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attatcttgttcgatgttgttggtgattgtcagggatagtaaagcgcgttactcttttcaGagcagtttttcatccctgaa
>ECK125137023_cnup7_forward_1704873_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcagtttttcatccctgaatatttgccatcagcgcattcttattattgtaataacacaaGcgttcacttttggtgaaatt
>ECK125137025_cnup9_forward_1704761_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgcccgtccgggtgcatgttttcacttgtcggatattaaaccaggaatttattatcttgTtcgatgttgttggtgattgt
>ECK125137197_cobTp8_reverse_2064601_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccgctatttttgctgccgtattattgccgggtatgcatggtgtggctgctatggtggtgAcgatggtggcgattttcatc
>ECK120016352_cobUp1_reverse_2065874_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[FP|S|Footprinting]_Strong
aagtctggctattccgtaatgccatcttatttcgtaatggattgagaatgctggatttttAattatattacgcgcagtatt
>ECK120016353_cobUp2_reverse_2065972_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gttgttccggcagtagcattaattcattatctgaatgaaatgtgtcaatccacagaaaccGctgtcaatgacgcattttgt
>ECK120010248_codBp_forward_354884_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaaaatatatttccccacgaaaacgattgctttttatcttcagatgaatagaatgcggcgGattttttgggtttcaaacag
>ECK125136789_cohEp8_reverse_1202955_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacctccggtgtacatattacatgattgaaatgaaccttcaagatacttgtaccttaacgGtacaagggttttaatttcgt
>ECK125136790_cohEp9_reverse_1203014_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggccaactcgccctgctgttctttggttaaagagtcccaatacgctttcatacaatatgtAcctccggtgtacatattaca
>ECK125136762_comRp3_reverse_1168863_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcaattatttttatgggatctggactggtgaacggaggtgattatttttataataacctTtcattcacagtcaccaggta
>ECK120010641_copAp_reverse_511411_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
acccgcctggtttattaatttcttgaccttccccttgctggaaggtttaacctttatcacAgccagtcaaaactgtcttaa
>ECK120010545_corAp_forward_4001194_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gttctgtggtgttctgttgcgtgttgacggcaaaattttgctggcgtaacatgcgcgcacGatcactctaagaggacattc
>ECK120010185_cpdBp_reverse_4436629_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgcgccaactgtgatagtgtcatcattttcaaagcgtaaaattgtggcattcttcactgtTctataagtaagacgtttatt
>ECK120010879_cpxPp_forward_4105785_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ctttacgttgttttacaccccctgacgcatgtttgcagcctgaatcgtaaactctctatcGttgaatcgcgacagaaagat
>ECK125136565_crcBp3_reverse_657998_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagcaaactgtcctgcggcaaccagcattgccacctcctgtcagagtcgtaaaattcgccAacgacgattattcggcgtta
>ECK120010546_creAp_forward_4635477_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttagggcttgacggaaataaaagtattgagattttgttcttaatcaatatgttatttaccGtgacgaactaattgctcgtg
>ECK120010184_crpp1_forward_3485953_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gggtcatgctgaagcgagacaccaggagacacaaagcgaaagctatgctaaaacagtcagGatgctacagtaatacattga
>ECK125137495_csdAp3_forward_2943207_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcttctccttaaagcgattaataaatcttaatagtattgattaacaggctaaaattaacGcctaacactattcagcatat
>ECK120010676_csiEp_forward_2665401_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cttgccaacatttctgatgattagcattcccttcgccatttccttgagcaaactttagctAttcttatcaattatgcttat
>ECK120010399_cspAp1_forward_3719889_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aatcataaatatgaaaaataattgttgcatcacccgccaatgcgtggcttaatgcacatcAacggtttgacgtacagacca
>ECK120010400_cspAp2_forward_3719940_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atgcacatcaacggtttgacgtacagaccattaaagcagtgtagtaaggcaagtcccttcAagagttatcgttgatacccc
>ECK125137116_cspCp8_reverse_1907509_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagtcctgagtaaacacgttgacgttgaataccgcttctctgccgagccttatattggtgCctcatgcagtaatgtgtcag
>ECK120010540_cspDp_reverse_922676_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgccccttgtcccctgtcaaatgcttgacggctcgccctaattctctaaattgtatttctAgagttggcgaggttttgaac
>ECK120034386_cspEp1_forward_657147_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gtactttgcctggatgcgctttcagttttgagacaaatgaagttttagtaacttctttaaAatcaatagctaaaataagta
>ECK120034385_cspEp2_forward_657250_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tatcactttttagtaaagttacactggacaaagcgtaccacaattggtgtactggtaaccGacacagcatttgtgtctatt
>ECK125136996_cspFp6_forward_1641765_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcaaaccgacgcaatcattaacgcatagttgaacatatgaagcaatgtttattttagacAtccagccatcttcaacccca
>ECK125136997_cspFp7_forward_1641690_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actcaaagaaggaataagtgaataacacctgaaatgagaactgctttagtaaactacttcGtatatcgtctgttcttcaaa
>ECK125136714_cspHp10_reverse_1051278_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actactttgtatgctgtctgtctttcaaaccgacgcagctattaacgcatgataattgagAttaagcaaattttattttag
>ECK125136713_cspHp9_reverse_1051330_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagagactcaaaagaaggggataatgcctgataatgagaactgctttagtaaactactttGtatgctgtctgtctttcaaa
>ECK125138139_csrAp1_reverse_2819373_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tacctgcagcgttagccagtgtgaaaggctgggtcagcgcgaaattgcaataatataagcGtcaggcaatgccgtggactc
>ECK125138142_csrAp5_reverse_2819189_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttagatgtaatgtgtttgtcattgcttactttttggcgttatatgatggataatgccgggAtacagagagacccgactctt
>ECK120010043_csrBp_reverse_2924524_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ccttaaggcattgtctgtaagcgccttgtaagacttcgcgaaaaagacgattctatcttcGtcgacagggagtcagacaac
>ECK125137724_csrDp4_reverse_3403425_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataagtggtcctcatgtgcatgatggattggaaaataatttctgaagactatactcgctaAtggaaaagcaaagccgatga
>ECK120010099_cstAp2_forward_629864_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atttacatggttgctgtgttgttaaattgtacaaagatgttatagaaacaaaatgtaacaTctctatggacacgcacacgg
>ECK125136514_cueRp6_forward_513974_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatattcgcactggcaaaaaaacgtgcttgaatatctgttgaaaccctttaacaaagcacAggaggcgttgcgcgaacgat
>ECK120009908_cusCp_forward_595573_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgacaattttgtcatttttctgtcaccggaaaatcagagcctggcgagtaaagttggcggCataaaatcaccagaaattat
>ECK120009909_cusRp_reverse_595462_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaaattgtcattttgccaataagcgattgccatctgatcccgctactctagaattgcccgGgcaacatgcggaggaaatat
>ECK120010701_cutAp_reverse_4365392_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cacgccccgctttctttcccgccgactaacatccttcccccgtccgttgtatagtgacctCtctcttgcggttccatctgt
>ECK125137150_cutCp2_reverse_1959267_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catccgtggtccattgaagagatcgttgccagcgagcagtcggcgtaattaaggagtaaaAatggcattactggaaatttg
>ECK120010571_cvpAp1_reverse_2430800_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
attgatgcgcgggaaggaaatccctacgcaaacgttttctttttctgttagaatgcgcccCgaacaggatgacagggcgta
>ECK125136817_cvrAp6_reverse_1242164_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataacacccgggaaggcactcagttgacgattagcggtcatcctgttcttaaaatgtaaaAaaatcacgcttcagggctaa
>ECK120010114_cyaAp_forward_3990999_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tacacttgtatgtagcgcatctttctttacggtcaatcagcaaggtgttaaattgatcacGttttagaccattttttcgtc
>ECK120030659_cyaAp2_forward_3990774_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cagagtgcaagtgggctttggcgtgtggcaattcttaaaacattgtctaacatgcttgttAccgtcattatcatccgtggt
>ECK125137921_cyaYp5_reverse_3994083_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gaacgcagccgcagaggtgcaaactttgaagccctgaccccatgccgctatactgccgccAtcacttaaaaacaggataca
>ECK125136921_cybBp6_forward_1490887_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggtgaacaatatttaatgaaattttgagaaaagcccgttatgttaacggaaaattatgttAaagcaggaaatgttatggaa
>ECK120010168_cydAp1_forward_771170_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttgatatttatcaatgtataagtcttggaaatgggcatcaaaaagagataaattgttctcGatcaaattggctgaaaggcg
>ECK120010700_cydAp2_forward_771284_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
atgcaaatttgcttcaacaaaaacctgtttattgtaaggattttgcggcgtaatatatacGtgggatcaatttgagttttt
>ECK120009951_cydAp3_forward_771202_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gggcatcaaaaagagataaattgttctcgatcaaattggctgaaaggcggtaatttagctAtaaattgatcaccgtcgaaa
>ECK120009953_cydAp5_forward_771368_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aacatgtttgcaacctttctttacgccgtttttgtgtgcattcacatggtatgatgaaagTgttcaaacaaatttctattg
>ECK120010773_cydDp_reverse_931031_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaaataattttacaaatcagtaacaaaagtaaagaaggcgacaccatgcgactatgggtcGcctttattttttccccgttg
>ECK120010204_cynRp_reverse_358709_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aggcagactactcgccgattgtcataaggtaaaagtctcatttatgatgagttccattggAtttacttataggttgcgaat
>ECK120010203_cynTp_forward_358773_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atggaactcatcataaatgagacttttaccttatgacaatcggcgagtagtctgcctctcAttccagagacagacagaggt
>ECK120010169_cyoAp_reverse_451653_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tccaagtaacaggaatttaatcatgtttacagtaatgtaaccttcccgtaaaatgcccacAcactttaaacgccaccagat
>ECK125136489_cyoEp3_reverse_447770_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatgaaggctggaacatgacggcgtttgtcttcaccgtgctaatcatcgctatcctggttGtaggctccatctggattatg
>ECK120010149_cysBp_forward_1333788_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
atacactaaggctataaatgatatagtggttatagttagcaccttttttattattaaatcGtattagtcacccgccaggtg
>ECK120010206_cysDp_reverse_2876368_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aactactcattctaattggtaatttcattcgttctcttacgctccctatagtcgaaacatCtgatggcaagaaaatagcgg
>ECK120015375_cysGp1_forward_3497754_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Confirmed
tgggtaatactttatcaggtgccgtattcatgggattgggttattggtatgctacgccgaAagcgaatcgtccggttgcgg
>ECK120010150_cysJp_reverse_2891964_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ggttattagttatcgctatcccgtctttaatccacaccgtttgccccgttaaccttacctTctcttctgttttatgggcgc
>ECK120010151_cysKp1_forward_2532377_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gtatatagatatgctaaatccttacttccgcatattctctgagcgggtatgctacctgttGtatcccaatttcatacagtt
>ECK120010205_cysPp_reverse_2543557_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
accaaacggtatataaaaccgttactcctttcacgtccgttataaatatgatggctattaGaaagtcattaaatttataag
>ECK120010430_cytRp_reverse_4124509_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cacacttttcatgaaaattctgtaaccgttttcacgcgctatctgctaaaaatgttgccgAtgtgaagtaaacatggatgt
>ECK125136575_dacAp3_reverse_664001_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gttaacaaagtcacgcggaaagtcagatgcctgccggtagtgcatttgctatagtagggcActtttttaattccatcacgg
>ECK120022294_dacCp_forward_880653_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gcaggatattgcataaactttaaaaactttaccaacttacggtttctttaagtttgtgtgTgcgttattaatcaccaaact
>ECK120010721_dadAp1_forward_1237509_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcagggagatgtgagccagctcaccataaaaaagccgcatgttgaataatattttcaactGagttatcaagatgtgattag
>ECK120010722_dadAp3_forward_1237538_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaaagccgcatgttgaataatattttcaactgagttatcaagatgtgattagattattatTcttttactgtatctaccgtt
>ECK120010644_damXp_reverse_3517600_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgcggacgtcggaacgtctcgggcagtttagttctgccgaaacgcagcgtattataacccTgctcaagcgggctgggttac
>ECK120010645_damp1_reverse_3516252_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agaccgcaggtaatgttggttcgttgaaatcggcaccgtccagccattacactctgcagcTgagcagttcctctaactacg
>ECK120010646_damp2_reverse_3515982_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aggtacaggccgatctgaagtaatcaaggttatctcccgcaatggtttatcgttgcgggaGttgcctgaagcgctggatgc
>ECK120010360_dapAp_reverse_2599784_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aacaatcagaacggttctgtctgcttgcttttaatgccataccaaacgtaccattgagacActtgtttgcacagaggatgg
>ECK120010274_dapBp1_forward_28343_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
atttctaattatcagcgtttttggctggcggcgtagcgatgcgctggttactctgaaaacGgtctatgcaaattaacaaaa
>ECK120030657_dapBp2_forward_28288_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tgcagtcattcatcgactcatgcctttcactgatatccctccctgtttatcattaatttcTaattatcagcgtttttggct
>ECK120010284_dapDp_reverse_185977_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttgcagcaggaagtgcatcagcggttgacagaggccctcaatccaaacgataaagggtgaTgtgtttactgatatgaaaag
>ECK120030660_dapEp_forward_2591560_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Strong
aaatgcctgcaattatcaaacgtccattgctctgcgtgcccggtaagcctatgctgctggGtttcagtgattccagttatc
>ECK120009885_dctAp_reverse_3683498_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttgtttcaattatgatccaggtacatttctgtgatgttgtctgggtgttattttaaggccGcaggtaccccataaccttac
>ECK120010755_dcuAp_reverse_4366843_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aagcgaacagtaatcgtacagggtagtacaaataaaaaaggcacgtcagatgacgtgcctTttttcttgtgagcagtaact
>ECK120010567_dcuBp_reverse_4348764_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gaaaacagttcatacaaaacagaacgtgactgtgatctattcagcaaaaatttaaataggAttatcgcgagggttcacaca
>ECK120009913_dcuDp_forward_3374766_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tacaaaataatcataagcgcatattttttaatgaaaaatcacctcacctacaattaaaaaCacgacatccgcaccataaat
>ECK120033033_dcuRp_reverse_4350565_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acgatcccacgaatttatgaataaattgcatgtgattctcggattattgcatctgaagagTtataagcagttggaagatta
>ECK120016339_dcuSp_reverse_4351685_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atatagccaatcattcttactccctttgaattacccgcctcatcagagataatgcttaagAaatttgtcacacaaggaagc
>ECK125137339_dedDp3_reverse_2431875_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agatattgccggaactctggcctggttgaaaagcgtggttgatgactggtattgtgcgccActggaagggccgcgcggtgc
>ECK120029527_defp_forward_3433650_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
caatctttgcgattggtcagtgatgctgtcaatcagagggggatttgtctagaatagaagAaataatctttctaactcctg
>ECK125165391_degQp_forward_3380698_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gactatcatttaatctggtgtctcattgttagccgtctgaaaattcaataacatcaaactGttttgaatctcttttcttat
>ECK125165392_degSp_forward_3382173_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcgtaaaccgggcatcaggcttacgtgtgatgtccggttaactcgtggtatgctgctgccGttcccttttttaatgacgcc
>ECK120010451_deoBp_forward_4619567_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gcaccggaaagcacaccaactgtctatcgccgtatcagcgaataacggtatactgatctgAtcatttaaatttgaagcact
>ECK120010115_deoCp1_forward_4616679_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gaggtaacgccagaaacgttttattcgaacatcgatctcgtcttgtgttagaattctaacAtacggttgcaacaacgcatc
>ECK120010116_deoCp2_forward_4617278_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gatttccttaattgtgatgtgtatcgaagtgtgttgcggagtagatgttagaatactaacAaactcgcaaggtgaatttta
>ECK120029865_dgcZp_reverse_1623879_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aacttcggatttctatgaaaatattgacgtaattttgcttttctctcgttagaatagcgcGcacaaggaactgtgaaaaag
>ECK120029294_dicBp_forward_1649597_[TASES|W|Traceable author statement to experimental support],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
attgttaactggttaacgtcacctggaggcaccaggcactgcatcacaaaattcattgttGaggacgcgataatgaaaacg
>ECK125158031_dicCp_reverse_1647876_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
catagttagctaatgctaaatcgtattgactatgtttttgttaacatctatcttgttagtTatgactaacaataaaggtgt
>ECK120051380_dinBp_forward_250880_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
cgcgttaaatgctgaatctttacgcatttctcaaaccctgaaatcactgtatactttaccAgtgttgagaggtgagcaatg
>ECK120010093_dinGp_forward_833073_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ctgaaaaccgaaaaatgccacaatattggctgtttatacagtatttcaggttttctcatgGcattaaccgccgcgcttaaa
>ECK120035104_dinIp_reverse_1121509_[IHBCE|W|Inferred by a human based on computational evidence],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaacaataaaaatcgtagcttcctgttgtcattaggttattttacctgtataaataaccaGtatattcaacagggggctat
>ECK120049203_dinJp_reverse_246615_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gtatcccggatcgtttctgaacaaacttaataaaccattattataaaattaacatatataTttcagttaattatgtaaaaa
>ECK120015518_dinQp_reverse_3647982_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
actgaaactattgcaaggacgtgctggttttataacctgcatgtactgtatgattatccaGttagctctgaggcattttca
>ECK125136360_djlAp3_forward_57268_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatagcgtcagtggtgttaggcacggcattgaatgacaggtatgataatgcaaattatagGcgatgtcccacaattgaccg
>ECK120034549_dksAp2_reverse_160657_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttgtcaagtgttacgtttagataattgctatccggaaaagcatctgctatttatagcggcCtcatttttcccccgaacatg
>ECK125145775_dksAp3_reverse_160751_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cttaaaaaatcactgccggttacattgtagtaaagtaagtaactggttaatttacattctGgtcgcgtgcgcaaatacgct
>ECK125137252_dldp7_forward_2222082_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagcgaaaatggtgcaaaaaccgtagtttgccataagcatgatggagagagaaaaagaatGctcagtttattgtctgaatt
>ECK125137105_dmlRp3_reverse_1881855_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcattgggttctcacttcctgaccatcaaaattgacaacatcaccatcctataattgactGaaaaggaattaatccccgta
>ECK120010117_dmsAp1_forward_940823_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[NTAS|W|Non-traceable author statement],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttttgtctccctttgataccgaacaataattactcctcacttacacgtaatactactttcGagtgaaaatctacctatctc
>ECK120010410_dnaAp2_reverse_3883882_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ataaatcgggaaaatctgtgagaaacagaagatctcttgcgcagtttaggctatgatccgCggtcccgatcgttttgcagg
>ECK120010407_dnaNp3_reverse_3882562_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
caggaaaaactggtcaccatcgacaatattcagaagacggtggcggagtactacaagatcAaagtcgcggatctcctttcc
>ECK120010406_dnaNp4_reverse_3882348_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gccgtaagatcgagcagttgcgtgaagagagccacgatatcaaagaagatttttcaaattTaatcagaacattgtcatcgt
>ECK120010490_dppAp_reverse_3707870_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tggtgtaaatcccggttggctgtattgacgttttcacattctgttgacagattgtaggtcAcgaggggcattttatggagg
>ECK120010234_dpsp_reverse_848950_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
attagtgtgataggaacagccagaatagcggaacacatagccggtgctatacttaatctcGttaattactgggacataaca
>ECK120009857_dsbAp_forward_4043377_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttactggctgcgacagacggcgacttttatagaacaggcaaaagttctacaagaacccccTttgcaattaacacctatgta
>ECK125136815_dsbBp6_reverse_1233147_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttatgcaaatgggctggatagcaacgctttgataacaacttaccgggcatataaatgcccGgtttgccttttcgcccgata
>ECK120010208_dsdAp_forward_2479121_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctggctagtgaagcaatattgcggcgctacgctcaatgaaacatttaaatactatacgacAgcgacatttatcgcttcagt
>ECK120011037_dsdCp_reverse_2477746_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaaaaacaacgcaggctgacaaacgataaaatttgcctttcacatgaggtaaattgcatcAatggagtgatttacatctaa
>ECK120010460_dsdXp_forward_2477821_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
catgtgaaaggcaaattttatcgtttgtcagcctgcgttgtttttttgtccaatatcatcAggttaatcacaggggaaggt
>ECK125108717_dsrAp_reverse_2025313_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttaatcattcatatggcgaatattttcttgtcagcgaaaaaaattgcggataaggtgatgAacacatcagatttcctggtg
>ECK125136605_dtpDp5_reverse_742622_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtatatttatgcaatcagacagcatattgcataaataatcagatctgtatcaaagttttaActttaaggaaacacaagcac
>ECK125136607_dtpDp8_reverse_742670_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgacgccaaaagacgcaaattgtttatatcatcacgcttcagctaatgtatatttatgcAatcagacagcatattgcata
>ECK125138002_dusAp6_forward_4261658_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcctcctgaatagtgatgctgaataacataaccccatgatatatcgataaaataatctcTacatttgaaaatgcacggta
>ECK120010118_dusBp_forward_3410246_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting]_Confirmed
ctcagaggattggtcaaagtttggcctttcatctcgtgcaaaaaatgcgtaatatacgccGccttgcagtcacagtatggt
>ECK120015437_dutp_forward_3813852_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tgtttcccagccaactcaaggatttaacagcgacaacaacgcattacaccttttctggcaGgacggagataaagtcttacc
>ECK125136389_dxrp3_forward_193335_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgaacgacaaagtgaaagcactgttgaaagataaagagatcagcgaagacgacgatcgccGttctcaggacgatgtacaga
>ECK120011034_ebgAp_forward_3222551_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tgctgccgtttattttcgtgatccagttaaagtaaatgcatttacctgctactttttagtAaaaattttactaaactcccc
>ECK125137289_ecop5_forward_2303797_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttctgctggtttgctctctcattagaatttaacactaaaagagcaggtaaaattgtctGaatgttctttaagttattca
>ECK120010269_eddp1_reverse_1934713_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttttacactttcaggcctcgtgcggattcacccacgaggctttttttattacactgactgAaacgtttttgccctatgagc
>ECK125136725_efeOp1_forward_1082243_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taacaaatacgacgcaaactcttgcttagttacaacatactttaaagggatagtctcgtcAtgaccattaacttccgccgt
>ECK120029863_efeU_1p_forward_1081307_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttataaacattccgcttgtgtttttctttgccgtaatgataatcgctatcactgcgatttActtttctttgcatagattga
>ECK120009875_efpp_forward_4375567_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaagctttttggcgctgcgtccggctaacagtttttcctccgcgtctatattcaaaagacGcagaagttcatcaggatcgg
>ECK125137314_elaAp3_reverse_2381614_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atattgccgtgacattgcgcgtgcgggttggcacaccggctgaagtacctaaaaaaattaAttccatgagttcatcacgtt
>ECK125137317_elaDp8_forward_2382654_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacacaggcatattgagcgatttttgatatttattcatctccttacgcactatattcagaGcaataagttgcctcttttca
>ECK125136694_elfAp7_forward_997808_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agatttgtcacttattggatttagtatgcttgatttaaatggcggacaattattgttattAttaagtctaatgtcatttaa
>ECK125136819_emtAp4_forward_1243125_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtgaaacagagacatggcaattccttgctgacaacagaaacgaaatgtatatcatgccgCttaggtgtgccgttgtcacc
>ECK125109856_enop4_reverse_2907968_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gtaaaaaagttagagcggcaacgcgtaccctgggtacgcgttgtttgtctggagtttcagTttaactagtgacttgaggaa
>ECK125109857_enop7_reverse_2908152_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tctgcgcgttgcgggccgttccggggatgatcagttggtcgagatcatcgaagttccgaaTcacccgtggttcgtggcttg
>ECK120010224_entCp_forward_624831_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
ttgcagattgcgttacctcaagagttgacatagtgcgcgtttgcttttaggttagcgaccGaaaatataaatgataatcat
>ECK125136554_entDp2_reverse_610141_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgaacgccttatccggcctacaaaaatcttgccaattcaatatattgcaggaccatgtagGcctgataagcgtagcgcatc
>ECK120009985_entSp1_forward_622258_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccatgataatgaaattaattatcgttatcgatcttatttggatatgttagcatgtgcagcCtaagaataggtatttaaaat
>ECK125137731_envRp12_reverse_3413602_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcagaattaaaacctcgtaaattgaaatatatattgatgtagtgaatgtatcttaggtaAataatatatattatttattt
>ECK125137733_envRp14_reverse_3413633_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctactgttttattttgacgcgggttgaaagaggcagaattaaaacctcgtaaattgaaatAtatattgatgtagtgaatgt
>ECK120010534_epdp_reverse_3073823_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aatgtcttcttcggctggacaaacattccttttattccacgtttcgcttatcctagctgaAgcgtttcagtcgattaaatg
>ECK125138031_epmBp3_reverse_4375703_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaggttcgccgtctaacatgattttaagaccagcacgaaaatcgttgctatagtacgttGccataaggccctctgaaatt
>ECK125137196_erfKp4_reverse_2063354_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatacgacttctgatttgaacagttaaaaacgaaaagtctgataaaagctatacttaacgGatagctttcgcgacatagga
>ECK125145769_esrEp_forward_4019978_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cagggcgatattcaggtggtgcaaaacttcgttgcgctggcagatctggcagagttcgacCctgcggaactgctggcccct
>ECK120015387_evgAp2_forward_2483631_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atcggtacaatccctgattttattgttgacatttcatttatgccgactatttatatggtaTacttgtcgaattatcttaaa
>ECK120009935_exbBp_reverse_3152014_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
atgcaaatagtaatgagaacgactatcaattcgacgtcgttttgatattattatgcgcagAttttgtgacttgcgtcctgg
>ECK125230249_exuRp2_forward_3246618_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccttctcaggcggctttttcatcactgcgagtagagctaaactcgcaaaagtggtataacAaatatagtctgccgtatcat
>ECK120011031_fabAp_reverse_1016498_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
actggtttattccgaactgatcggacttgttcagcgtacacgtgttagctatcctgcgtgCttcaataaaataaggcttac
>ECK120010355_fabBp_reverse_2441641_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttctctattaaatggctgatcggacttgttcggcgtacaagtgtacgctattgtgcattcGaaacttactctatgtgcgac
>ECK120011027_fadBp_reverse_4031013_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atcggcatttctttaatcttttgtttgcatatttttaacacaaaatacacacttcgactcAtctggtacgaccagatcacc
>ECK120009999_fadDp_reverse_1889807_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgcttcgcaaccttttcgttgggtaattatcaagctggtatgatgagttaatattatgttAacggcatgtatatcatttgg
>ECK120010075_fadIp_reverse_2460511_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tagctcccactttcccttttctccacttggctaaatgtaaaaaaatggttaagactatgaTcaggtcagaccactttattt
>ECK120049205_fadRp_forward_1234905_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atccctttttcttctttttgtctgctatcagcgtagttagccctctggtatgatgagtccAactttgttttgctgtgttat
>ECK125137965_fdhEp1_reverse_4081361_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gattcgcgttaatgctgcattcatttgccgcagtggcgttaattgtggttatcatggtgcAtatctacgccgccctttggg
>ECK120010215_fdnGp_forward_1547372_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
agatgttctttttgatttcgcgcaaaaagattcagaattttactgttagtttcctcgcgcAgtaatacccctgaaaaaaga
>ECK125136522_fdrAp4_forward_546506_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcaaaaaaatatagttagaatttatttgataatccgctcacttttaacctgatttttaaaAcaacaacgcttattaaaaaa
>ECK125162182_feaBp1_forward_1447492_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gacaaagcgaatgtcacagcgaaaaaagtgacttttcttgtcgctgcgtacactgaaatcAcactgggtaaataataagga
>ECK125162183_feaBp2_forward_1447370_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttttattgttgcatttgtgttgcaataaacgaagctaatgagcctgactataggaaataAgtcttgtcaggcatagagac
>ECK125162179_feaRp1_reverse_1447349_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgtgacaataaccgcttatgtctctatgcctgacaagacttatttcctatagtcaggctcAttagcttcgtttattgcaac
>ECK125162180_feaRp2_reverse_1447309_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tatttcctatagtcaggctcattagcttcgtttattgcaacacaaatgcaacaataaaaaTacatttcacagagcgaaaac
>ECK125162181_feaRp3_reverse_1447394_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttcgctgtgacattcgctttgtcagctgtgacaagctccgcaaatcgtgacaataaccgcTtatgtctctatgcctgacaa
>ECK125138082_fecEp5_reverse_4511639_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgtggccgcctgcggcccgattagctttattggtctcgtggtgccgcatatgatgcgtaGcatcaccggtggacgtcacc
>ECK120010210_fecIp_reverse_4518282_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting]_Confirmed
acaacatgttaaaaatgtctattggaaacaattttatttccaattgtaatgataaccattCtcatattaatatgactacgt
>ECK120016950_feoAp_forward_3540057_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
accaacattcgcacacattttaagtattgctgatagaaaccattctcattatcattgtgtTgttgattatttaatctctcc
>ECK120010221_fepAp_reverse_612667_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccatgtttactgtgcaatttttcattgattgcagaaatatattgataatattattgataaCtatttgcatttgcaatagcg
>ECK120010222_fepBp_reverse_624727_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
ggtaacgcaatctgcaactcggggttgcatctggttgtggttacaatgaaaatgagaagcAttattgatggattcgcataa
>ECK120009987_fepDp2_reverse_622192_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acatgctaacatatccaaataagatcgataacgataattaatttcattatcatggaagttCgtatgtctggttctgttgcc
>ECK120010299_fesp_forward_612687_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cttcccacggcgcgccattacgctattgcaaatgcaaatagttatcaataatattatcaaTatatttctgcaatcaatgaa
>ECK125136497_ffsp6_forward_476288_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atagccttcgggaatagcggcgacgatttgccagacgcgttggggaaatgaatcttctttTtccatcttttcttcctgagg
>ECK125136498_ffsp7_forward_476422_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaccagcatctggcacgcgatgggttgcaattagccggggcagcagtgataatgcgcctGcgcgttggttctcaacgctc
>ECK120010999_fhuAp_forward_167442_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tgcgtaccgcttgcgaacccgccagcgtttcgaatattatcttatctttataataatcatTctcgtttacgttatcattca
>ECK120015395_fhuFp_reverse_4605694_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttatcatttgcaagccagataaatcccttgctatcgggtaaacctatcgctatgattagcAatcattatcatttagattac
>ECK125109862_fhuFp2_reverse_4605752_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttgcaacatgatttcatctctttcattgataatgataaccaatatcatatgataatttttAtcatttgcaagccagataaa
>ECK125137972_fieFp3_forward_4106432_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtgggggttttttttatcctcaatttgcctgctgcttaatgcattgcagatgatttgctTccgttatactagcgtcagtt
>ECK125137973_fieFp4_forward_4106449_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tcctcaatttgcctgctgcttaatgcattgcagatgatttgcttccgttatactagcgtcAgttgatagcgggagtattta
>ECK120010667_fimAp_forward_4542694_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttaacttattgataataaagttaaaaaaacaaataaatacaagacaattggggccaaacTgtccatatcataaataagtt
>ECK120010503_fimBp1_forward_4540809_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tacatagcatgcaagagcatggcgtttgtatggcaacgttattataattaacagttgctaCtccatttaagttcactcaga
>ECK120010668_fimEp_forward_4541871_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
actggaagttaatccactgcaatctattgttatattgaatcaaatcaatgaaaatagatgTtgtcacatcagtgatatttt
>ECK120009934_fiup_reverse_841648_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaatgtatttctttttcgcgcaatgggtgatagaaaatcgctccaagtgataatgcttatCaaaattattatcactttcac
>ECK120010687_fixAp_forward_42325_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tattgaaagttggatttatctgcgtgtgacattttcaatattggtgattaaagttttattTcaaaattaaagggcgtgata
>ECK120009954_fldBp_forward_3039822_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ctcatttgatccattatgccttattgtgccgtgactaaagcgattctgatacactagccgCaaaagccacagcagaatcga
>ECK120016579_flgAp_reverse_1130885_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
cgcaaaatgggtcgctatttatgccgttgatggtcattgcggacaggtacaattcacgttGtagaaatggctgggggcgaa
>ECK120016580_flgBp_forward_1130993_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gacccattttgcgtttattccgccgataacgcgcgcgtaaaggcatttaagctgatggcaGaattttgatacctgcggagg
>ECK120016702_flhBp_reverse_1966216_[TAS|W|Traceable author statement],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
cgcctgttttgccccttactcaaaccattgaacgctttgcgctctggcatcattcacgctTaatactctttccaggattgg
>ECK120010198_flhDp_reverse_1978395_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tattgaaaatcgcagcccccctccgttgtatgtgcgtgtagtgacgagtacagttgcgtcGatttaggaaaaatcttagat
>ECK120010507_fliAp1_reverse_2001819_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cccctcatttcacccactaatcgtccgattaaaaaccctgcagaaacggataatcatgccGataactcatataacgcaggg
>ECK120010547_fliDp_forward_2003817_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttttctctgccccttattcccgctattaaaaaaaacaattaaacgtaaactttgcgcaatTcagaccgataaccccggtat
>ECK120016704_fliEp1_reverse_2013036_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
cgtttttttgttgctatttagcgcctttgtcttattgacttactggtaggctttgctaccAgaaattatccgggagacgag
>ECK120016705_fliFp1_forward_2013146_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
acaaaaaaacgggtttattggcggatagaaaaaaacgaaagcacaaataatgggagcgtcAatttttcgagtttgctgacc
>ECK120010633_fliLp1_forward_2019584_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agcaccgtaatccgcgtcttttccccgctttgttgcgctcaagacgcaggataattagccGataagcagtagcgacacagg
>ECK120009941_flup_forward_2071317_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aagcactgttttcgttactgtctctcttgtccgtgcaatagctcaataatagaataaaacGatcaatatctattttatcga
>ECK125108718_fnrSp_forward_1409129_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cgccgcaaagtttgagcgaagtcaataaactctctacccattcagggcaatatctctcttGcaggtgaatgcaacgtcaag
>ECK120010119_fnrp_reverse_1399552_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ctctgctgttaaggtttgcttagacttacttgctccctaaaaagatgttaaaattgacaaAtatcaattacggcttgagca
>ECK120010308_focAp1_reverse_954493_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agccaggcgagatatgatctatatcaatttctcatctataatgctttgttagtatctcgtCgccgacttaataaagagaga
>ECK120010309_focAp3_reverse_954814_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
taaaatcaaatagcctacgcaatgtaggcttaatgattagtctgagttatattacggggcGtttttttaatgccccgcttt
>ECK120010276_folAp_forward_49799_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttcctcaacatcatcctcgcaccagtcgacgacggtttacgctttacgtatagtggcgacAattttttttatcgggaaatc
>ECK125137622_folBp5_reverse_3204648_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcgattgcactcataagctgttccgttttgaaaattcgtgttcaacgatgaatctgtggAtaatacgcacatttcgccgg
>ECK120035125_folEp_reverse_2243848_[ICA|W|Inferred by computational analysis]_Weak
cgtggctccttgttgtgttgtttgcaatttcttcatcataccgtttattcaatgtgctgtGagtaactttcacttccgtat
>ECK120010243_fprp_reverse_4114499_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tcgattgagccttccagtccttcgggactggaatttttttgttcggagaacgaagataagGcaagtcaatcaaaacaggag
>ECK120033722_frcp_reverse_2493439_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cacaaatgtcgcgactctctctgattaccacgaatcaatatttatcatattcttcttttcGtcctcactacttaccatgca
>ECK120010120_frdAp_reverse_4382412_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
taaaaaaatcgatctcgtcaaatttcagacttatccatcagactatactgttgtacctatAaaggagcagtggaatagcgt
>ECK125138034_frdDp7_reverse_4379474_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctctgctgcacaccaaaacctggtttgaactggcaccgaaagcggccaatatcattgtaaAagacgaaaaaatgggaccag
>ECK125137754_frlAp13_forward_3499835_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtgcgaaattttgtgatcttcctccacattacataacatcatatgttgttatattcatcAtgcattgtcatgttaccttt
>ECK125160646_frrp_forward_192814_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aatagcctaataatccagacgattacccgtaatatgtttaatcagggctatacttagcacActtccactgtgtgtgactgt
>ECK120034548_frsAp_forward_256502_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
caacgcctggcactgccgggcgttgttctttttaacttcaggcgggttacaatagtttccAgtaagtattctggaggctgc
>ECK120010219_fruBp_reverse_2263597_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaacttttgctcataactttacggctttccttgcgtgctgaaacagaagtattatgctttCttgaaacgtttcagcgcgat
>ECK125136505_fsrp5_reverse_504852_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttctctccctgacctgatttcaacgtgttgaaaaatagtatgacgcgacatcatagacaAgtctgcgtccggtgaagata
>ECK125095453_ftnAp_forward_1988682_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ataattgaagtttatattttaccttttgcaaataataaaataacaaattatagtgacgccAcagcaacaaatataaccttt
>ECK120029866_ftnBp2_forward_1986799_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atataaacttgatgatttaagcattttcttatacccgttcagacgttattcttatttcagAtcatcgtcagaattgactcc
>ECK120009884_ftsAp1_forward_103561_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctgatgaattgaagattcatctggttgaatatgtgccgattgcgcggtggaatgatcaacAtatggtagacgcggaaggaa
>ECK125137688_ftsHp4_reverse_3326978_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ctaaccgggagatttcagacgaaagtttgaaagatgctggatatagagtatcctgacgctGtttttaacacagttgtaata
>ECK120033247_ftsKp1_forward_933138_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
aagacgcgctaacacggaacaggtgcaaaatcggcgtattttgattacactcctgttaatCcatacagcaacagtactggg
>ECK120033248_ftsKp2_forward_932929_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aattcaataccgctgtacaaaaacttgaagaaattcaggagtgtcatttagtatccggtgAtttcgactacctgttgaaaa
>ECK120015390_ftsKp3_forward_933218_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ggtaacctggtactgttgtccgttttagcatcgggcaggaaaagcctgtaacctggagagCctttcttgagccaggaatac
>ECK120011035_fucAp_reverse_2933854_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aatgaccgttttgataaatatttttaagagcggtcatttttaatggggttataaaaagagAacttgcagttatttactgtg
>ECK120010191_fucPp_forward_2934119_[NTAS|W|Non-traceable author statement]_Weak
ctagctaataagtgtgaccgccgtcatattacagagcgttttttatttgaaaatgaatccAtgagttcatttcagacaggc
>ECK120011033_fumAp_reverse_1688440_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
caaaaagtcgtactagtctcagtttttgttaaaaaagtgtgtaggatattgttactcgctTttaacagggcaacggaacac
>ECK120010217_fumBp_reverse_4347348_[ICA|W|Inferred by computational analysis]_Weak
tataaatgcactttgcgtgccgcccgtgactacgcggcacgccattttcgaataacaaatAcagagttacaggctggaagc
>ECK125141980_fumCp1_reverse_1686654_[TAS|W|Traceable author statement],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gggcggtttttttacatggcacgaaagaccaaacatttgttatcaaatggtaaataataaGtgagctaaaagttgcttaac
>ECK120010186_furpa_reverse_710716_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
acaatatttgccagggacttgtggttttcatttaggcgtggcaattctataatgatacgcAttatctcaagagcaaattct
>ECK120009914_gabDp1_forward_2791172_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ggcagcgacatcagcaattcctattggtgcgcatattgtcagcaaggtacaaacgctgttGgcaagccagagtaaccccgg
>ECK120049202_gadEp3_forward_3657800_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
ttagccatttcaaacattatcatggctgatattttccgtagtcaggtttaatgttttaaaAgtgctgtgggaaagtgaaca
>ECK125095186_gadEp4_forward_3658062_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccaattgccagcttaagtcgaaacaaggagactcgatatttaaatcggattacattttaaCtttagtaatattcttcagag
>ECK120010122_galEp1_reverse_792081_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting]_Confirmed
gattccactaatttattccatgtcacacttttcgcatctttgttatgctatggttatttcAtaccataagcctaatggagc
>ECK120015157_galPp_forward_3088255_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[NTAS|W|Non-traceable author statement],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
attacactgatgtgatttgcttcacatctttttacgtcgtactcacctatcttaattcacAataaaaaataaccatattgg
>ECK120009842_galRp_forward_2976569_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tcccacgatgaaaacacgccaccccttgaaccaacgggcgttttccgtaacactgaaagaAtgtaagcgtttacccactaa
>ECK120010121_galSp_reverse_2241710_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttccattgctgtgactcgattcacgaagtcctgtattcagtgctgacaaaatagccgccAgcaagcagtcatttactgca
>ECK120010521_gapAp1_forward_1862735_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gtcgcaatgattgacacgattccgcttgacgctgcgtaaggtttttgtaattttacaggcAaccttttattcactaacaaa
>ECK120010522_gapAp3_forward_1862597_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgcacctaaatcgtgatgaaaatcacatttttatcgtaattgccctttaaaattcggggcGccgaccccatgtggtctcaa
>ECK120010523_gapAp4_forward_1862526_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgactgattctaacaaaacattaacaccaactggcaaaattttgtcctaaacttgatctcGacgaaatggctgcacctaaa
>ECK120010723_garPp_reverse_3274934_[IC|W|Inferred by curator],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tcattgtcgttacggcataaatgaaactcataaataacaccttccccataataataaaaaTcagcataagtacccgaggta
>ECK120010227_gatYp_reverse_2177234_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tattgtcgtttttgtgatcgttatctcgatatttaaaaacaaataatttcattatattttGaaatcgaaaacaaacgacag
>ECK120009918_gcdp1_reverse_141263_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atctgttaataaagctcgaattgtgatgacgatcacacatgttaaaacctataattaattGctactaaaatattaatgaat
>ECK120015472_gclp_forward_533907_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gcggagcgggtttttttgacaaaatttgaaagttggaaaaattttccaataaatagaggtAggaataaaatggcaaaaatg
>ECK120010229_gcvAp_reverse_2942639_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aagtgccgccactataggtatttgctggtagaagctcaacggacaatttataatggctcaGattaaaaaaactaataggtt
>ECK120010091_gcvBp_forward_2942696_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aatctgagccattataaattgtccgttgagcttctaccagcaaatacctatagtggcggcActtcctgagccggaacgaaa
>ECK120010677_gcvRp_forward_2599879_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aagcagacagaaccgttctgattgttgtatgcatgttttttttatgctttccttaagaacAactcaccccttaaaggaata
>ECK125165390_gcvRp2_forward_2599806_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acttcccgtgaacatgggccatcctctgtgcaaacaagtgtctcaatggtacgtttggtaTggcattaaaagcaagcagac
>ECK120010228_gcvTp_reverse_3050772_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atgtgatgatcaattttaccttatggttaacagtctgtttcggtggtaagttcaggcaaaAgagaacgattgcgttgggga
>ECK120010334_gdhAp1_forward_1842308_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ctttcctgggtcatttttttcttgcttaccgtcacattcttgatggtatagtcgaaaactGcaaaagcacatgacataaac
>ECK125203423_gfcAp_reverse_1050702_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttcgtaacaatttccttatctttaatttgtattttgctaagatttatcttatgctcacaaGtcgtatttccagagggggat
>ECK125136710_gfcDp3_reverse_1048118_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gattatctgcaagatcacccccgccttgcaggcgcggacaagaataacgttatggtgattAcgcctgagggtgagactgtc
>ECK125136732_ghrAp6_forward_1097824_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggttttaataagcgaaatctgctttttttgccaccgaccacggatttgttatgctggtgGcctttgtagatcataacgat
>ECK125137571_glcAp10_reverse_3121364_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacttgttatgccagaggtagcaattgcgttagcggcgtactgttgctgtaaagtataacGcctatattttacagttcagt
>ECK120010636_glcCp_forward_3128206_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccagctctgtgaccttgtcttggttaactcaatgttaaattgatgtaacataatcacttaCgtgatgtgcgtgttttgcga
>ECK120010635_glcDp_reverse_3128076_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ggtctgaccggtagctaaagagatagacgaaaacgaaaagcccgcttaataactgttcacAgaagcagcgcgcaaaaatca
>ECK125134704_glgAp_reverse_3568392_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtggtgccggaactggatatgtacgatcgcaattggccaattcgcacctacaatgaatcaTtaccgccagcgaaattcgtg
>ECK125134703_glgBp_reverse_3573657_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
taagcgcagatgtttcatgatttaccgggagttaaatagagcattggctattctttaaggGtggctgaatacatgagtatt
>ECK120010187_glgCp1_reverse_3569389_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctggggagtggcacgccattcccccattcgctggagaggataacccagtgattacggctgTctggcagggacctgcacacg
>ECK120015382_glkp_reverse_2509461_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttacagggagcctgcctttccggcgttgttgttatgcccccaggtatttacagtgtgagaAagaattattttgactttagc
>ECK120010584_glmUp1_reverse_3915223_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctgtccatttcacgatgaaaaaaatgtagttttttcaaggtgaagcggtttaaattcgttCtcaaattacagtcaggacgc
>ECK120010585_glmUp2_reverse_3915326_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aaattaaggtactgccttaattttctgcagacaaaaggcgtgacgatggtcgaaaatggcGctttcgtcagcggggataat
>ECK125095436_glmYp2_reverse_2691340_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ataatcagtacgttaccaaactattttctttattggcacagttactgcataatagtaaccAgtggctcattcaccgactta
>ECK120030810_glmZp_forward_3986432_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttatctcataacaagtgttaagggatgttatttcccgattctctgtggcataataaacgaGtagatgctcattccatctct
>ECK120010124_glnAp1_reverse_4058222_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcataaaaagggttatccaaaggtcattgcaccaacatggtgcttaatgtttccattgaaGcactatattggtgcaacatt
>ECK120010569_glnBp1_reverse_2687441_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cacgagctggatgcaaacgatttcaaggaatgaattggcgttatgtgttacgtttagcagAtcaaaagacaggcgaccttt
>ECK120010159_glnBp2_reverse_2687503_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcacccacgcggcgagaatggcggggcgcaaccggacagaattttataaactgctttcccGacacgagctggatgcaaacg
>ECK125137620_glnEp6_reverse_3199801_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgccacgcctgacgcgtgatattgactcaatactgttgctggcgggttactatgatcctGtcgtcgcgcaagcctggctg
>ECK120011000_glnLp_reverse_4056371_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttttctccgtcaattctctgatgcttcgcgctttttatccgtaaaaagctataatgcactAaaatggtgcaacctgttcag
>ECK120015498_glnQp_reverse_846631_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
actgcgtcgtatgctgccgccgctgggtaaccagtggatcatcagcattaaagacacctcGctgtttattgtgatcggcgt
>ECK120015424_gloAp_forward_1727801_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttacccgacgttgtaatccaacattgcgagcggcgtaaagccgccgctatactaaaacaaCattttgaatctgttagccat
>ECK125136401_gloBp5_reverse_234926_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcaattgatttctgcgcttaaattgccaatcttaagcagatgaaaaccatacattttagtGaaccacgggttgagctggcg
>ECK120010125_glpABCp_forward_2352583_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
aatgttcaaaatgacgcatgaaatcacgtttcactttcgaattatgagcgaatatgcgcgAaatcaaacaattcatgtttt
>ECK120010126_glpDp_forward_3561971_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcactctaaaatgttttttcaatgttacctaaagcgcgattctttgctaatatgttcgatAacgaacatttatgagcttta
>ECK120010231_glpFp_reverse_4118161_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ggcacacacattttaagttcgatatttctcgtttttgctcgttaacgataagtttacagcAtgcctacaagcatcgtggag
>ECK120011001_glpTQp_reverse_2352451_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
atttaataatgtgtgcggcaattcacatttaatttatgaatgttttcttaacatcgcggcAactcaagaaacggcaggttc
>ECK120010020_glrKp_reverse_2691123_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
caaagccgggtaattcccggctttgttgtatctgaacttcccctcggttagcatcaggctAttcgcgtctgacgagagtaa
>ECK120010173_gltAp1_reverse_754767_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aatcattcaacaaagttgttacaaacattaccaggaaaagcatataatgcgtaaaagttaTgaagtcggtatttcacctaa
>ECK120010240_gltBp_forward_3354509_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acatttctgtaccaataagcttgccatttgacctgtatcagctttcccgataagttggaaAtccgctggaagctttctgga
>ECK120016706_gltIp1_reverse_687896_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IC|W|Inferred by curator]_Weak
aataggctgattcaaggcatttacgggagaaaaaatcggctcaaacatgaagaaatgaaaTgactgagtcagccgagaaga
>ECK125138011_gltPp6_forward_4294307_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atctttccataacaaatggttattcattaatcctgccataaactcgcgttattatgcattAatgcagcgaaaagctctgtt
>ECK125137886_gltSp3_reverse_3828691_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgatacccgtcatagttcatgaagttgccactgcgcgatgaagtatgacgagtatgaaagAgtgatgcggatacaaaggag
>ECK120010678_gltXp1_reverse_2520784_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
caagatgatcgcaaaacagaccgtgttgcgcaatttgtcaacgaaaacaataatgcgtaaGgtagaaacccgaactacatt
>ECK120010680_gltXp3_reverse_2520730_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gcgtaaggtagaaacccgaactacattgaggaatcaggcgggagtgatagaatatcgcccActtaatttttccaggatttg
>ECK120011043_glyAp_reverse_2685574_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting]_Confirmed
cgtttgcgtaaattcctttgtcaagacctgttatcgcacaatgattcggttatactgttcGccgttgtccaacaggaccgc
>ECK120016952_glyQp_reverse_3725354_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aagccctgctttttcccgtttcgtactgtatatcttccatccagcgggtatactgatcccTtcctttaaatccacacgtat
>ECK120010613_glyUp_reverse_2999064__
tcagcagtcagcagcgtggcacttgctaaggagagcgtaaggtttataatgccttacgcaTctcgaagcgggcgtagttca
>ECK120010602_glyVp_forward_4392313__
caaaaaaaacttttttggggggttgcagagggaaagatttctcgtataatgcgcctcccgTaacgacgcagaaatgcgaaa
>ECK120010609_glyWp_reverse_1992180_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tcaaaagtggtgaaaaatatcgttgactcatcgcgccaggtaagtagaatgcaacgcatcGaacggcggcactgattgcca
>ECK120048894_gmkp_forward_3821388_[TAS|W|Traceable author statement],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tgcgcaaaaagtgtgagcaagggctacgtcacatggccgcgccgtgtataataagctcgtAtgtaggctttatttcgctaa
>ECK120010350_gndp_reverse_2101324_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aagcatataagcatggataagctatttatactttaataagtactttgtatacttatttgcGaacattccaggccgcgagca
>ECK120010270_gntKp_reverse_3577645_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cttatacacttaaggcatggatggatattgcttctgatattgtccggctggacaatgttaCcgataacagttacccgtaac
>ECK120010055_gntPp_reverse_4551334_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgatcagaggatgtgacattcatcgcaacaatggttgaccaatttacataacatatcgccCaaaataacaacggttcaacc
>ECK120010048_gntRp1_reverse_3578749_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaacaagcactgttttccccgggaaggttctgatgtgtccgtgttaaactaagagaatctAtctcttttgtaccttcagga
>ECK120010030_gntRp2_reverse_3578818_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcttccggggttttgccgcgtcgttagcacaatgcgatgcaattgatttagtgtatatctAataattgtaaacaagcactg
>ECK120010271_gntTp1_forward_3546405_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttaaatttaccccgctctggtgattctcaaacgccagatgttacccgtatcattcacatGggtaccaaacatactcctga
>ECK120010056_gntXp_forward_3544667_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ctaaccaaatggctttatcaggtgcctgttgcagcacggcttcggccatatcagcaagtgAcagcgcaccaaatccccggc
>ECK120015464_gorp_forward_3646112_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aactggcggtactgccagacagcgatcgccgtggcatgaccgcttccggcatgattgtgaTtaacccgccgtggaaactgg
>ECK120009959_gpmAp_reverse_787632_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tattttcgctatggttatgcgtaagcattgctgttgcttcgtcgcggcaatataatgagaAttattatcattaaaagatga
>ECK125109855_gpmAp2_reverse_787670_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tgcaactcaatattcacaacaaccttacactgcgccactattttcgctatggttatgcgtAagcattgctgttgcttcgtc
>ECK125137872_gpsAp5_reverse_3783810_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgggtatcgaaggcacccagatggcgcattgcctgggagcatactgcccgaacattctgTtcccgtatgctcgtgagtgc
>ECK120034547_gptp_forward_255914_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
taaaaagacgcggactcatgtgaaatactggtttttagtgcgccagatctctataatctcGcgcaacctattttcccctcg
>ECK120009863_grcAp1_reverse_2716523_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Confirmed
tgtgtggtttttattgatttaaatcaaagattcaagggtgtttgaggagtatatatacacTcaagcaacaatggttttacc
>ECK125095452_greAp1_reverse_3328864_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acggcgcaacgccctataaagtaaacgatgacccttcgggaacttcagggtaaaatgactAtcaaaatgtgaattgtagct
>ECK125135020_grxBp_reverse_1124103_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tagccagaaacgcgccgcgcgtcgtttgcttgaacgcgacgcctgatttgatactcccccCtgactccttcatactgaaag
>ECK125136745_grxBp4_reverse_1124083_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcgtttgcttgaacgcgacgcctgatttgatactcccccctgactccttcatactgaaaGtgaactgacagccaaatgga
>ECK125137874_grxCp2_reverse_3784576_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaggcgtcgctggctgggctggcgaaaacttgcctttggtgcgcggcaaataatttacctGtcgtctttcatgatgcaggc
>ECK125095208_grxD_reverse_1734162_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gcaacaaatagagcaaagggataaaatagcaaaagcgtgatgaaaatgttattttccgatGccgcactgacccgctacaat
>ECK120030212_gspAp1_reverse_3455519_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acgatgtatgttctaataaaatagattgggtgggttgtatattgacgttagtataaatagTattaatgccgcttgcatgaa
>ECK120030209_gspCp2_forward_3455527_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acatattactaatataaataaattttgcttgattcatgcaagcggcattaatactatttaTactaacgtcaatatacaacc
>ECK120010255_guaBp_reverse_2634107_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agcaagcattttttgcaaaaaggggtagatgcaatcggttacgctctgtataatgccgcgGcaatatttattaaccactct
>ECK120011036_gyrAp_reverse_2339457_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ggatgtgaataaagcgtataggtttacctcaaactgcgcggctgtgttataatttgcgacCtttgaatccgggatacagta
>ECK120010403_gyrBp_reverse_3880150_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
atagacatgtcggacgaaaattcgaagatgtttaccgtggaaaagggtaaaataacggatTaacccaagtataaatgagcg
>ECK120030782_hchAp_forward_2035780_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgccgactaccgctttcgatatattgactcaattttccagcctggttaaaaatagcgaccAgctcagtcgcaaatatagtg
>ECK120010051_hdeDp_forward_3656960_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
taggaaatttttattaaatcgactgcattcttagacgcgtttttggcatagattgatagcAggggattttcttcttaattt
>ECK120010322_hemAp1_forward_1263676_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
attactccaaaagggggcgctctcttttattgatcttacgcatcctgtatgatgcaagcaGactaaccctatcaacgttgg
>ECK125136473_hemBp7_reverse_389861_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aataataaccaacagctataaataaagattaaaaatattttcagtgaatataaaattattGctgtttctattaaaaagatg
>ECK120009943_hemFp_forward_2553205_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccacagcgattgctgaaggcgtgatcagttatttccactggttcgacaaccagaaagcacAttcgaaaaagcgataagtta
>ECK120029524_hemHp_forward_498031_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgatttgacctctcacagcaattagttcttcttcctcacttttccgctacaattatcaacAagttgaatcgataagaggcg
>ECK120010684_hemNp_forward_4051943_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tctgctgataacccttccggttatatgttatctggtgtggttattcgttaaactacagcgGttgtcgcggcgacaaaagtg
>ECK120009982_hepAp_reverse_63358_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
gagttcgccagataccattttgatgcgtgacgaatgctttgccatccagtaccatagcgcCctttccattcctggacctga
>ECK120010459_hflDp_reverse_1192686_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gccagtctgccgtcttctataacggtgaagtgtgcctcggtggcggtattattgagcagcGtctgccgctgccggtctgat
>ECK120033702_hfqp2_forward_4399801_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
gatccacaaaggctttcccgggcactggaagtttttttcatttcgggtaaaactttaacgGaactgacgcaaacgtcagga
>ECK120033732_hfqp3_forward_4400220_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gcgtgacgaagtattacaggttgttggtgctatcgcaggctgaatgtgtacaattgagacGtatcgtgcgcaattttttca
>ECK125136499_hhap6_reverse_480503_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgaactgattgagcatattgcgaccttcgcacttaattacaaaattaagtataatgaagAcaataagctcattgagcaga
>ECK120051381_hicAp_forward_1509221_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cttccttcctgattttgcattgcattctgccgttgcggcgatttagtgctattttcgagcAaattacacacggaggtaaac
>ECK125140836_higBp_reverse_3234480_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttccgtcacacagataaattcatccgttgccaatctggcaacggatgttatcatattgccAatttgtcaacggacgtgatg
>ECK125136758_hinTp1_forward_1161821_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttttgcttaagaaatcgtgagttaaggttgaaagagcaggtttaactcgaccatactctAtactcgcagtgtggcgcggc
>ECK120016954_hipBp_reverse_1592482_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtagagcggataagatgtgtttccagattgacttatcctcactaaaggataaaacttataAtatccccttaagcggataaa
>ECK120010349_hisBp_forward_2093360_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ggcgcgctttaaagcctccagtgcggtgtttaaatctttgtgggatcagggcattatcttAcgtgatcagaataaacaacc
>ECK120030804_hisJp_reverse_2426837_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
atacgtctaacggggcgggatattttgccttgatggtcaattttatggcacgataagtgtAacaaacctgtaaatattccc
>ECK120010361_hisSp_reverse_2640642_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agcaggttgaaaaataataacgtgatgggaagcgcctcgcttcccgtgtatgattgaaccCgcatggctcccgaaacattg
>ECK120010201_hnsp_reverse_1292958_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tttgaattccttacattcctggctattgcacaactgaatttaaggctctattattacctcAacaaaccaccccaatataag
>ECK125136354_hokCp4_reverse_16951_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatagagaaaagccccgagtgatattttaccatcaacccgaggcctcctatatgctgaacAcatgtagagtgcctcttact
>ECK125137132_holEp4_forward_1925029_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tattatctattcctttttgtaataacttttttacagagcataaccttgtctaatgtctgaGtcgaggatcatcaattccgg
>ECK125137134_holEp6_forward_1925086_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgagtcgaggatcatcaattccggcttgccatcctggctcactcttagtaacttttgcccGcgaatgatgaggagattaag
>ECK120009917_hptp_forward_141360_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
acaattcgagctttattaacagattccgcgaatgaatagttttactggtatactgcgtgtCttgcgctttgttgcggtgcc
>ECK120010517_hscBp_reverse_2659524_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cggcgaaagcttccacgtttgatgcgcataccgataaccccaccgtggtcgcctgcgcgtGgggtttgttttacctgattc
>ECK125136592_hscCp5_reverse_683482_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atggtcgatgttgatcgtcagggctttgttgatttactggctgatcgtctgaaattttacGcttaacacacgtcattgatt
>ECK120029868_hslJp_reverse_1441780_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctgcattccaggggagctgattcagataatccccaatgacctttcatcctctattcttaaAatagtcctgagtcagaaact
>ECK125137913_hsrAp4_reverse_3940643_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attatccaaagcgatggcgacgcggcatttaaagcttgtcaggcgctgctacgctcacctGataagtgataacccgataac
>ECK125136376_htrEp5_reverse_155438_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actttggtggcgcaattgaaggtaatgccaggctgtaatcaggcaaggatataattccgcAggaagcatagcgtgactata
>ECK120010728_hupBp2_forward_461395_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tcgggcttgcccttattaaggggtgttgtaaggggatggctggcctgatataactgctgcGcgttcgtaccttgaaggatt
>ECK120010729_hupBp3_forward_461332_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cagggctggcaggctaattcgggcttgccagcctttttttgtctcgctaagttagatggcGgatcgggcttgcccttatta
>ECK120010541_hyaAp_forward_1031984_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
aaaagataaatccacacagtttgtattgttttgtgcaaaagtttcactacgctttattaaCaatactttctggcgacgtgc
>ECK120010657_hybOp1_reverse_3146363_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
attaattacactaatgcttcttcccttcgttttagcgccccgccgcagtatcatgatatcGataaccataataaatgtgtg
>ECK125137466_hycIp4_reverse_2843102_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
attcgataaagcccgggcagcgcaaacttcgcagcagcaggaatggagtacaatgctgttAagtatgctgcatgatattca
>ECK120030663_hypFp2_reverse_2838014_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay]_Strong
aatgtattggttgccgtacctgtgaagtagcgtgcgtggtttctcatcaggaaaatcaggActgtgcatcgctgaccccgg
>ECK120030664_hypFp3_reverse_2838105_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay]_Strong
taaaaactggcatgatttgtgaatgtatcggcgcattaactgtcattgctggagaatttgAtgaaccgtttcatcattgct
>ECK125138091_hypTp4_reverse_4558317_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaggaacgtttgaaacggcttaaacggttgtcagccgcccgaatggacgtagaatgcccGcaagggcggctgacagagta
>ECK125138092_iadAp3_reverse_4559537_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttacggtctgcgtgattaacgcattgctgtcgatctgggttatgcagcttattgtttaacAaggagttaccatgattgatt
>ECK125137693_ibaGp4_reverse_3336983_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgacgcttcagggggtaaacgacaaagtgtataccctggcgaaattgtataatttgcctGctgatgttctgcctcgttaa
>ECK125137694_ibaGp9_reverse_3336954_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtataccctggcgaaattgtataatttgcctgctgatgttctgcctcgttaaattttttcAggccggatatggcgttaacc
>ECK120010174_icdAp1_forward_1195008_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gcattatagcctaataacgcgcatctttcatgacggcaaacaatagggtagtattgacaaGccaattacaaatcattaaca
>ECK120010519_icdAp2_forward_1194961_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tctaaaagaagttttttgcatggtattttcagagattatgaattgccgcattatagcctaAtaacgcgcatctttcatgac
>ECK125137540_idip4_forward_3033039_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggttgtcgataaacgctcacttggttaatcatttcactcttcaattatctataatgatgaGtgatcagaattacatgtgag
>ECK125137541_idip5_forward_3032938_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcatttctgactgtgttgcaatggccattgaaagtcgcttcaaatatatgatgctactttTttaaatggtttttacctgtc
>ECK120010038_idnKp_forward_4494597_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcttatcagtagaaataaaaaaacgtgaaattattatgccgccaggcgtagtatcgcagcAggtaagatgattcaggagat
>ECK120010052_idnRp_reverse_4491182_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gctgggcgtgttagccattaacgccgtattgcactgaaagaataaaatattgtgatgtagTttcgggggaagattgaagat
>ECK120030653_ileSp1_forward_21833_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtaggtgatgatttccgctttggcgctggtcgtgaaggcgatttcttgttattacagaaaGctggcatggaatacggcttc
>ECK120010599_ileXp_forward_3215597_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
acagcaggcgcgcggtaatggctggattgcgacacggagttactttataatccgctaccaTggccccttagctcagtggtt
>ECK120010160_ilvCp_forward_3957912_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
attgcaatgtgacgttgtgaatatatcaatttccgcaataaatttcctgtcatatagtgaAttcaatctcgcaaacgcgaa
>ECK120010153_ilvIHp1_forward_85600_[TASES|W|Traceable author statement to experimental support],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtgtttatgtctctggctgccaattgcttaagcaagatcggacggttaatgtgttttacaCattttttccgtcaaacagtg
>ECK120010278_ilvIp3_forward_85453_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgggctctctattttaggattaattaaaaaaatagagaaattgctgtaagttgtgggattCagccgatttattatcaattt
>ECK120010277_ilvIp4_forward_85420_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttttattgaatgtagaattttattctgaatgtgtgggctctctattttaggattaattaaAaaaatagagaaattgctgta
>ECK120010418_ilvLp1_forward_3950218_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaattgaatttttttcactcactattttatttttaaaaaacaacaatttatattgaaattAttaaacgcatcataaaaatc
>ECK120010419_ilvLp2_forward_3950290_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ataaaaatcggccaaaaaatatcttgtactatttacaaaacctatggtaactctttaggcAttccttcgaacaagatgcaa
>ECK120010011_impp1_reverse_57156_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gacgctattcggacaggattaacactagcgtagagatgacgagtacgttagtctctgaccGtttgtcacgcgcaacgttac
>ECK120009910_inaAp_reverse_2349499_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttcattaatacgacacgtttcattaagattttcctcaggtaaccacctatagtcattgtcGttaataaaaatgacaggcga
>ECK120016571_infAp1_reverse_926685_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ttttcaccacaagaatgaatgttttcggcacatttctccccagagtgttataattgcggtCgcagagttggttacgctcat
>ECK120016570_infAp2_reverse_926479_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tttgttgcgatttagcgcgcaaatctttacttatttacagaacttcggcattatcttgccGgttcaaattacggtagtgat
>ECK120009955_infCp2_reverse_1800818_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
gcgggcattcgtgttaaagcagacttgagaaatgagaagattggctttaaaatccgcgagCacactttgcgtcgcgtccca
>ECK125138083_insAp13_forward_4518442_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcctctgcttctggcatgtgtcggtcagaatgactcatgatgtggtctgctattattgacAtcctcactgccctaaaggat
>ECK125138084_insAp14_forward_4518379_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caatagacatttttaacatgttgtttttctaagtgttataaggtaggtataaaatgggatGgagcctctgcttctggcatg
>ECK125138074_insGp6_reverse_4503549_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcaatccacataacaaaacgcgttttgttactgatgtcacaaattgagcatatttttgtaGctgatagtttgttacaaaca
>ECK125137198_insHp2_reverse_2067498_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aattatcccgcctgctgaagaacgttgctctgagtgtgataaacctttttattcttgatgAtgtcagcgagaagatggaat
>ECK125137821_insHp3_reverse_3653268_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gttgaaaataaaccttcgatttgtttgtcaagatattgtccatctttatataatttggggGtagggtgttctttatgtaaa
>ECK125137573_insHp4_forward_3130025_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcccaactatctgccccgctttttttgccacccacgcctgccagatgatatggtccgtcCccggatttttcgcagacaaa
>ECK125136542_insHp4_reverse_575774_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctttcgttgattacaaaatcaacctgcttgacaaaaatgacttcactaaggaaggtgcgaAcaagtccctgatatgagatc
>ECK125137210_insHp4_reverse_2103093_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcagatgatgattacattttgtttttgaatcccgatatcatcatgaagcatgatgatttGctgacatatattaaatatgt
>ECK125136596_insHp5_reverse_689212_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccggataacaatattctcctatccaactttggcacatctattgctttgttatacaaggcaAaccctgaaacagcatcagta
>ECK125136416_insHp5_reverse_275298_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcttcagtggcgcattttgttgtgttgtttgcatataaccttctaaacgtatggacatctAaacatccaaagaaggtttgt
>ECK125137212_insHp6_reverse_2103049_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgaagcatgatgatttgctgacatatattaaatatgtcgaaagtaagcgttatgcttttaGtacattatgcctgttccgag
>ECK125138079_insIp5_reverse_4508686_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaattctgcaactgcgtaaggcgttaaatgaagctcgccttgagcgagatatattaaaaaAagcaactgtagattcaattg
>ECK125136352_insLp5_forward_15380_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gggcaggcctgggtaaaaatagggtgcgttgaagatatgcgagcacctgtaaagtggcggGgatcactcccataagcgcta
>ECK125134715_intSp_forward_2466515_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttcgtcatggttcgcttcagatcgttgacagccgcactccatgacgggtaaaaagtggatAaaataattttacccaccgga
>ECK125095431_iraDp1_forward_4556576_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aagcatatcttattactaattggaatttgatgttgctatattgaggtctatattaataatGcctgtgaatggtatttttga
>ECK125134718_iraMp2_reverse_1212123_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttcacaaaatctcattttgtttaacatccattgagattccttgctttaaattttattttaTataagccatcattttaatta
>ECK120030215_iraPp1_forward_401319_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[NTAS|W|Non-traceable author statement],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gctggtaatcaaacaaaaaatatttgcgcaaagtatttcctttgtcataaaaataatactTccagacactatgaagttgtg
>ECK120009911_iscRp_reverse_2662199_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgactaaatcagtcaagtaaatagttgaccaatttactcgggaatgtcagacttgaccctGctatgcaatacccccacttt
>ECK120015164_istR-1p_reverse_3853192_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaatacgtcaaaattcgtgccgaaattgcgcgttctgcgcggaacacgtatactttcagtGttgacataatacagtgtgct
>ECK120015163_istR-2p_reverse_3853257_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
actgtataaataaacagtaatatttggacaaaacgcaaactgtgatcgatactcaactatGcactaaatacgtcaaaattc
>ECK120010127_ivbLp_reverse_3853023_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cctcaattttcccttgctgaaaaattttccattgtctcccctgtaaagctgtgcttgtatAaatattgttaaacacaaaac
>ECK125136406_ivyp4_forward_240319_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aataaattgataacaaatgctgatattggaaatatctgatttgcaaattatcgtgttatcGccaggctttaggaggttaat
>ECK120011002_katGp_forward_4133812_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atcgcatccgtggattaattcaattataacttctctctaacgctgtgtatcgtaacggtaAcactgtagaggggagcacat
>ECK120010094_kbaZp_forward_3278866_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agatcagaaaaccattatctttcgttttatttttatctcaccatgacgcagtatcaactgAaacaaaacgaaagattaata
>ECK120010156_kblp_reverse_3792577_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttgcagaagtgttaacgcgttatctcgtcgcgacctataagtttgggtaatatgtgctgGaatttgccctgtctggagaa
>ECK125137120_kdgRp9_reverse_1910140_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attgtaactaaccggcaaaagatggattgcgaccaccctggtgcgaaattataataaaaaAcagttctgatttttataaaa
>ECK125136601_kdpEp3_reverse_721894_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttccgccaggccaggagcagacgatatttgataagtttgctcgcgggaataaagagtcgGcagtaccgggggtagggctt
>ECK120010129_kdpFp_reverse_728849_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttacaccccgcccgcagatttttgcgaaatctttgcagccagaattctacccttccggtAtcacttttaggccactggag
>ECK120010694_kdsAp_forward_1267854_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aatatcagcccgtcggcggaactgttttatgaagaccttgatgaagctgataacattgagGtaatccgcaaattgctggat
>ECK120030205_kdsCp1_forward_3342226_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
catatcacctccgtgatggttgccgatggcgaccatttactcggtgtgttacatatgcatGatttactgcgtgcaggcgta
>ECK125135016_kdsCp2_forward_3342010_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttgctggaagttacccgcaaaaatcttggtatgactgtcatttgcgatgacaatatgatgAttgaaggcatctttaccgac
>ECK125135017_kdsCp3_forward_3341719_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
cgcccggagagcagcatggcgcgcgccgcagatgtgcatctgtgtgttaaagtagcgaaaGaagcctgtccgttagggctg
>ECK125137507_kduIp5_reverse_2984194_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaatgaaacattgttttatttttaattgaaaaccctagcccatgggcatatcatccctttAtagagaaaacgaaacagtgt
>ECK125137429_kgtPp6_reverse_2725809_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctaactaaattcatggttaaggttgcataatgatatgcaacaaatgtataatatttccttTacaaaaaaaataaacaaaag
>ECK120010130_lacZp1_reverse_366343_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gctcactcattaggcaccccaggctttacactttatgcttccggctcgtatgttgtgtggAattgtgagcggataacaatt
>ECK125165942_lapAp2_forward_1340186_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atcatcaacaatgcgtgtggatgccatttcgcagacggcgcgaaaatggtactttaaaggGctattgcggtaagttgacca
>ECK125136826_ldrAp8_reverse_1269477_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgaaaaaccggaatgcactcttcattgcaaacatttcagggatgaagtgaagatgaattGagtcgtagtatccacaccaa
>ECK125137104_leuEp4_reverse_1880767_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgctacagattggttagcatattcacctttaatcgcgcatgatcgaaagataattaaagAggttaatgtgttcgctgaat
>ECK120010237_leuLp_reverse_83735_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cgggacgtttttattgcgtcagggttgacatccgtttttgtatccagtaactctaaaagcAtatcgcattcatctggagct
>ECK120034384_leuOp_forward_84188_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgcggtagttatgattagattgttttcgcaacaaaaacattatggattattatgctgtggTaaatgactcattccacggca
>ECK120010618_leuQp_reverse_4606432__
cacctctgtcgataattaactattgacgaaaagctgaaaaccactagaatgcgcctccgtGgtagcaattctttttaagaa
>ECK120010615_leuUp_reverse_3322278__
ggcgctgctggcaacgttattcttcatcatcagtctggtgctgggtaacatcaatagcaaCaaaaccaataaaggtagcga
>ECK125138114_leuVp2_reverse_4606273_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtcccccccctcgcaccaaaaaccacgttgatattgctcgcactgggcgaaggtggcggAattggtagacgcgctagctt
>ECK120010603_leuXp_forward_4496386__
cgaggtgcgagcaagctggcgcttgcatggtggcgtgcgacaggtataatccacaacgttTtccgcatacctcttcagtgc
>ECK125137167_leuZp3_reverse_1992050_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tagctcagttggtagagcacgaccttgccaaggtcggggtcgcgagttcgagtctcgtttCccgctccagtttaaaagaca
>ECK120010131_lexAp_forward_4257087_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ctctggtttattgtgcagtttatggttccaaaatcgccttttgctgtatatactcacagcAtaactgtatatacacccagg
>ECK125230251_lgtp_reverse_2966121_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcatatacatatcttttaacggtatccggcaaccagccaggtccccttgtgctattattcGcacctttggagcgcctgaaa
>ECK125137884_ligBp1_reverse_3821256_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttgcgtagctgcttccgcatttgcctgtcattcactgcaataaagacgattttcaggaAgcgtcctcgcagactccgtt
>ECK125136573_lipBp3_reverse_662399_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcaacgccactcatatcgagcaggttgaaacactgtatgaagaactgggcaaaatcgatAttgtccgcatggttctgtaa
>ECK125136782_litp8_forward_1198590_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgtcttacgacatgcttaccttaatcgttcccagtgtgcctatagcagatattctaaacAtgtcgataattcattacgca
>ECK125136783_litp9_forward_1198668_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcatatagtatcgaacatagaaaaaactgaagattcatcttattttgtatatactacctaGcccaacaatgtagaggttaa
>ECK120010241_livJp_reverse_3599762_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
attgttaataaactgtcaaaatagctattccaatatcataaaaatcgggtatgttttagcAgagtatgctgctaaagcacg
>ECK120010242_livKp1_reverse_3597755_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtgaattattccgccctttgtgccgttattttatgctgacaaaggcacttttttctgtttAtctatcaataaattcagaat
>ECK120010666_lldPp_forward_3777289_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttcccaattaaaactcacatcaatgttgccaatacataacatttagttaaccattcattGtcattatccctacacaacac
>ECK120033254_loiPp_forward_3081892_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccttatactgagactgagcgtcgattcacctgcaaacggcgcatttttagaataatcctgAccttgtgcggaagagaaaac
>ECK125145768_lolAp_forward_937328_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aactgaaaattcagtattttcttctttcctcaagctgattattagcctggaatagagagtAgagggaactcccgatcggga
>ECK125136767_lolCp5_forward_1175399_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccctgacgatcacttacagttcagacgtttacccatcttgctttcgcttatatactcgtgTctttgctacagcaaccagac
>ECK120010282_lpdAp_forward_127717_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tagacaaatcggttgccgtttgttgtttaaaaattgttaacaattttgtaaaataccgacGgatagaacgacccggtggtg
>ECK125137675_lpoAp2_forward_3293211_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaccgggcattaatcccaaaatgttgcagcaataaaccggtgtgacgagtatcctcggcgGcaatcagatcaacggcctgt
>ECK125135018_lptAp2_forward_3343299_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agatcaatctggtgacgcaggatgttacctctgaagacctcgtcacgttatacggaacaaCatttaactccagcggtctga
>ECK125138066_lptFp5_forward_4486188_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatttcgacgactcaagagaataaatgacgtttaagccatgaaacaagctaaaatcctgcAaaagacgagtttttacgggc
>ECK125138067_lptFp6_forward_4486122_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacggcattggcacgtcagaacaaaatctgagaggtgaatccgttgagtataattatcttAgcgacgatttcgacgactca
>ECK120033733_lpxCp1_forward_106508_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[NTAS|W|Non-traceable author statement]_Weak
gctgattaagaattgactggaatttgggtttcgaggctctttgtgctaaactggcccgccGaatgtatagtacacttcggt
>ECK120010239_lrpp_forward_932328_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttgtactaaaaatcgatgttttgctttgacaatcccctggtgttttgcgaaaacattcgaGgaagaaaaaaaacagtattc
>ECK120029295_lspAp_forward_25014_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Strong
tgggcgatgaattacgatttgtcctgttgacctccggcgctaccgttgcagactataacgAcgcacctgctgatgctcagc
>ECK120034947_lsrRp_reverse_1601257_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
ccatcacagatataaatgagcaagaactgaacaattgcattaaagatttaaatatgttcaAagtgaagaatgaattatgac
>ECK120011039_lysAp_reverse_2978951_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ctcgcaatccggtaatccatatcatttttgcatagactcgacataaatcgatattttttaTtctttttatgatgtggcgta
>ECK120010648_lysCp1_reverse_4233539_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atgaaaaatccgcatgaccccatcgttgacaaccgccccgctcaccctttatttataaatGtactacctgcgctagcgcag
>ECK120010647_lysCp2_reverse_4233616_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccgttagcgtaatgttgagtgtaaacccttagcgcagtgaagcatttattagctgaactaCtgaccgccaggagtggatga
>ECK125203418_lysOp_reverse_914895_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
cataacatttccttttaattgcaactttactcgtccttccgctttcagtagtgtgtcatcGcgcatttcgacttcatcttt
>ECK120010688_lysPp_reverse_2248560_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtgtcttataaccgtgtatttctgccggaaggattgccaatcgtctgctacaatcgcgccTcatttttaagatggatagca
>ECK120011040_lysRp_forward_2978950_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aatgtggcataacaaactccagataagtgcttttttatgattacgccacatcataaaaagAataaaaaatatcgatttatg
>ECK120010589_lysTp_forward_780514__
gtgatctacatcgaaatttttgttgcgctcaagtctgaaatcagtaatatatgccgccgtTgccacgggatatcaaacaaa
>ECK120010265_lysUp1_reverse_4354805_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gatggttatttattagtgatatcaacttgaggtaagcgttagtttcgataagataaactgAgttactaatagtcgaggcag
>ECK125136965_maeAp3_reverse_1555742_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgattaaacaccattgcctgcgcaatggtgtttttgtttttatctgctttatacttgagGccgacgccctggcggtaaag
>ECK125136483_makp4_forward_410118_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgataacgaattgtcggcggccttgcattgccaatccggttgtccgtctctacgctattgAtattgaaaaaaataaggaga
>ECK120010132_malEp_reverse_4246464_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cggtggggcgtaggggcaaggaggatggaaagaggttgccgtataaagaaactagagtccGtttaggtgttttcacgagca
>ECK120011041_malIp_reverse_1699228_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaattttagtgaggcataaatcacattacgcaacgataatagcgggtataagataaataaAaggtaaaacgttttatctgt
>ECK120010133_malKp_forward_4246736_[TASES|W|Traceable author statement to experimental support],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Weak
ccataaaaaagccagggggtggaggatttaagccatctcctgatgacgcatagtcagcccAtcatgaatgttgctgtcgat
>ECK120010134_malPp_reverse_3552510_[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tccctgcctaatcccccgcaggatgaggaaggtcaacatcgagcctggcaaactagcgatAacgttgtgttgaaaatctaa
>ECK120010199_malSp_forward_3737470_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cctgtggacttaccgctcagggatgagttttgtttggcttatcgctggcaaactgtctgaAatcgcagcaataaggactca
>ECK120011030_malTp_forward_3553024_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cagacacataaaaaaacgtcatcgcttgcattagaaaggtttctggccgaccttataaccAttaattacgaagcgcaaaaa
>ECK120010195_malXp_forward_1699313_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[ICA|W|Inferred by computational analysis]_Strong
tcgttgcgtaatgtgatttatgcctcactaaaatttgataaaacgttttatcttctcgcgCaatttactgaatccagattg
>ECK120010326_manAp_forward_1688551_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgactttttgcggctccaggttacttcccgtaggattcttgctttaatagtgggattaatTtccacattaaaacagggatt
>ECK120010247_manXp_forward_1901933_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gaaagttaaattacggatcttcatcacataaaataattttttcgatatctaaaataaatcGcgaaacgcaggggtttttgg
>ECK120010245_marRp_forward_1619093_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
cgtggcatcggtcaattcattcatttgacttatacttgcctgggcaatattatcccctgcAactaattacttgccagggca
>ECK125136442_matAp10_reverse_311460_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attgaattccttttccgttcacatattgacactcatcgggaaaaaaaacataaatttaagCccaatcgaaaataattaaac
>ECK125136440_matAp7_reverse_311482_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttctaaatattgacttaaccattgaattccttttccgttcacatattgacactcatcgGgaaaaaaaacataaatttaa
>ECK125136441_matAp9_reverse_311432_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acactcatcgggaaaaaaaacataaatttaagcccaatcgaaaataattaaacttaatctCgtttaacctttattgatatg
>ECK125136437_matBp5_reverse_310797_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcaacctaaatcgattgccagaattgaaaattgtagtgtgaagacagtgtatacccatcgGcgtaatgctgaggccaagct
>ECK125136640_mcbAp5_reverse_842153_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaaatcagcattatgcatgtcattgatttgtcttattttgtaaaaatatatcgttcaaaAaataagcacatctctgtcaa
>ECK125136799_mcrAp8_forward_1210319_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acaaaagaaagtaaaacaacagcaacttgttgcaattttatcaataaaagtagtattgtcGtgaaaaattgattaaagatt
>ECK125137607_mdaBp5_forward_3172506_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaagactttgcacattttgctaatttcaccgtaccgctctgtgacgtactatagtcggcaAacgtctcaccttgaggttaa
>ECK125137608_mdaBp7_forward_3172407_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taagaattatgaggaatggctatcagtattgtcattttcagaaaatatttatcctgcatcGgtgagtcagagtaagatcag
>ECK120010175_mdhp1_reverse_3384313_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Strong
ctacacattcttgagatgtggtcattgtaaacggcaattttgtggattaaggtcgcggcaGcggagcaacatatcttagtt
>ECK120010486_mdoGp1_forward_1109278_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tgctgaacgataccgggattctgttgtcggaatggctggttatccattaaaatagatcggAtcgatataagcacacaaagg
>ECK120009991_mdoGp2_forward_1109257_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgcttaatccatgagccagcgtgctgaacgataccgggattctgttgtcggaatggctggTtatccattaaaatagatcgg
>ECK125137039_mdtKp9_forward_1743375_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaggggtaagaatggctattttttcactggagaattaataaatcctcgctacaatagactGaatttcccctgcttcttctt
>ECK120010194_melAp_forward_4341887_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
tgggaatgctcaacctggaagccggaggttttctgcagattcgcctgccatgatgaagttAttcaagcaagccaggagatc
>ECK120010135_melRp_reverse_4341650_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agggtgaaaaccgtgctcccactcgcagtcatcctccctcactcctgccataattctgatAttccaggaaagagagccatc
>ECK120009850_menAp_reverse_4120406_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
catctggatgcgttggtggcagatgaagatctgagccgttttatcctataatcgcgttcaAtcattttcatcattgtttga
>ECK120010090_menBp_reverse_2376887_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ctggcggcggaactggctgccgactgccatgtcattcctcgcgccggacataacgcgcatCgggaaaatcccgctggcgta
>ECK120010062_metAp2_forward_4214159_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtgagcggcgaatactaataaccattttctctccttttagtcattcttatattctaacgtAgtcttttccttgaaactttc
>ECK120010434_metBp_forward_4128636_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aagaagtttagatgtccagatgtattgacgtccattaacacaatgtttactctggtgcctGacatttcaccgacaaagccc
>ECK120011042_metCp_forward_3152075_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ctgcgcataataatatcaaaacgacgtcgaattgatagtcgttctcattactatttgcatActgccgtacctttgctttct
>ECK120011003_metFp_forward_4132546_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttcctcaccatcattggtcatttttcggttgacgcccttcggcttttccttcatctttaCatctggacgtctaaacggat
>ECK120034265_metGp_forward_2194269_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttacctgaagaatatagagaagtacttacttaacattttcccatttggtactatctaacCccttttcactattaagaagt
>ECK125203415_metGp2_forward_2193758_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgcgcccaacattgttgggattgatgggccgtagatatcggcgtccagaatgccgactttCgccccttctgccgccagcgc
>ECK120011004_metHp_forward_4223783_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
acaaatctcatgttgcgtggtggtcgcttttaccacagatgcgtttatgccagtatggttTgttgaatttttattaaatct
>ECK125140843_metHp2_forward_4223505_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ggtgggtcgtggaattgggtaacccggcttgttgcgccagttccgtgagtgccacactgcCattggattcggcaatccact
>ECK120010432_metJp2_reverse_4128529_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
catctaaacttctttgcgtatagattgagcaaatcccaaatagccgttaaaattatatgcAttatcacgccgacaggtgca
>ECK120010431_metJp3_reverse_4128466_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atcacgccgacaggtgcattacacgatgtcacggtaacgcctgtacggtaaactatgcggGtttacggtcagtacccacat
>ECK120009903_metKp_forward_3086577_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gattcaaaaaaaagtggaaatagggtgaagaattgacctaaaatagccatccagatgttaAtccatccataccgattaaca
>ECK120009925_metNp_reverse_222714_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[ICA|W|Inferred by computational analysis],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aaagtgctcttcgcataaacctgattgatttagacgtctggatgccttaacatccatttcAttgacggcgttgcccgtttc
>ECK120010604_metTp_reverse_697163__
caattttccttgaaaaagaggttgacgctgcaaggctctatacgcataatgcgccccgcaAcgccgataaggtatcgcgaa
>ECK120010387_metYp1_reverse_3318297_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cggtacaccaaatcccagcagtatttgcattttttacccaaaacgagtagaatttgccacGtttcaggcgcggggtggagc
>ECK120010614_metYp2_reverse_3318375_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cattcacatgattagcaataaacgttgacaaaatgtggcgtggatcactataatgcctgcAgattttacgtcccgtctcgg
>ECK120010597_metZp_forward_2947382_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tccgtgatcggggtaaaaaaaaggttgcatgaaaacgcgagcggagtatagtgcgcatccAcggacgcggggtggagcagc
>ECK120009920_mfdp1_reverse_1174028_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
atcgccccagccggggcgattcaatttgctaaaccatgtcgattacggataatgaacagcAttgcttatcagagatatgcc
>ECK120009921_mfdp2_reverse_1173992_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tgtcgattacggataatgaacagcattgcttatcagagatatgcccccatatgttgaggcAtatcctaacgagaatctgac
>ECK120015495_mglAp_reverse_2239391_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ggtgcggctgatggcaccaactggaaaatcgacaacaaagtggtccgcgtaccttatgttGgcgtagataaagacaacctg
>ECK120010226_mglBp_reverse_2240566_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Weak
cgctttcaatctgtgagtgatttcacagtatcttaacaatgtgatagctatgattgcaccGttttaacgttgtaacccgta
>ECK125108719_mgrRp_reverse_1622914_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
attaaccgagtttaagctccgtttaacattcattgagaaaactgatgctactgtgtcaacGattcgttatcagtgcaggaa
>ECK120010639_mgtAp1_forward_4467363_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cagcaatgggtaaagtctggtttatcgttggtttagttgtcagcaggtattatatcgccaTagatgctacgaatattattg
>ECK120009930_mgtAp2_forward_4467280_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atctttgatggtcagccgattttgcatcctgttgtcctgtaacgtgttgtttaattatttGagcctaacgttacccgtgca
>ECK120009928_mhpAp_forward_368519_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cctggtgcacattcgggcatgttttgattgtagccgaaaacacccttcctatactgagcgCacaataaaaaatcatttaca
>ECK120009929_mhpRp_reverse_368528_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaaatgtcgttgcgcgcacagtacagcgcaacttattttgttaaaaacatgtaaatgattTtttattgtgcgctcagtata
>ECK120033730_miaAp1_forward_4399052_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
tttacccttacgccaacaaaatttacaaatcttgattcctgaactgataggctacctggcGaagcagtccgtattcgaacc
>ECK120022366_micCp_forward_1437121_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aagataatacatacaaaataaaaattatacttttaatttgctatacgttattctgcgcggGttatatgcctttattgtcac
>ECK120010351_micFp_forward_2313084_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aagtatttgacagcactgaatgtcaaaacaaaaccttcactcgcaactagaataactcccGctatcatcattaactttatt
>ECK120010771_mlcp1_reverse_1668603_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gttaatcacatgcctaagtaaaaatttgacgacacgtattgaagtgcttcaccatagcctAcagattatttcggagcgcga
>ECK125122037_mlrAp_forward_2214840_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tagatgcacaaaaaacgggcaaaactacctggttcgcaaaactgcgtctaaagttaaaccGggacctcgcgagcaagggtg
>ECK125137248_mlrAp6_forward_2214749_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgcgtttaactttctttgaactcttgcagaaaaatgagaattcgtgagtacgatcactcAaaatcgcctggcaaaaataa
>ECK125137496_mltAp6_reverse_2947273_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cccgatcacggatttggcatgattttgaacaaaaacaaatcactaaagcctattttttgtGcaaaatttgcgtcagggaga
>ECK125136399_mltDp3_reverse_234025_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tattgcaacaacctgaagagcgttttgcatggttaaggtcaaagaaagataggttctgatAaaactttcttgtcatcggct
>ECK125136400_mltDp4_reverse_233982_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaagataggttctgataaaactttcttgtcatcggctccgttcgccgttatgatcggtcGtcttttaagcaactattgac
>ECK120016184_mltFp_forward_2695767_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ggtttacgcaaaatgccgctcatttatgagtaaacctttcactattattacgttttttcaAgctgggacgcgcacgacaca
>ECK125136419_mmuPp5_forward_275287_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctgcgtctggtgcagggttgactttgcattctgttaacaaacgcggtataacaaaccttCtttggatgtttagatgtcca
>ECK120010502_mngRp_reverse_765926_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
cattatgtgatcaatttcacttgattgaaattatttgtattgtatttgtattatttacagGatgaatttatcgggcataat
>ECK120015467_mntHp_reverse_2512734_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcaccacaatccatttaaatgaatttgataatcattctcgtttggcatagcatgaaacatAgcaaaggctatgttttagag
>ECK125140756_mntPp_forward_1905459_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aagcaatgaaataatatattccaacagttgttttatattctcaaaatatgttaaggttgcGccctcatttggggagtagcc
>ECK125136648_mntRp4_forward_853135_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atatagctattgctaaaacgttaattttttgtaccttcgcaactctggtttacaatgtgcGcacgaaatgagaacgctatg
>ECK125136649_mntRp5_forward_853083_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgatccttgagggatgattgcattacatacagatatagcacaggctatattatatagctAttgctaaaacgttaattttt
>ECK125137536_mocAp9_forward_3015056_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgggacgtttctgcgcacctaaatcaatgactaatgccgatgggtcaactatacttttcAcgagtctttatgacctctct
>ECK120010716_modAp_forward_795062_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ctcacaaaggttagcaataactgctgggaaaattccgagttagtcgttatattgtcgcctAcataacgttacattaagggg
>ECK120009998_moeAp_reverse_866394_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
acccagcgctacgcccgaggtggcatacagtctgtggcgtttttctgacataataggcaaAttcgattttgcctccgcagg
>ECK125136925_mokBp3_forward_1492305_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gacgaaaataatcacttcacgaaattgcgtgctgttttccagaatttttcgtcattcgggTtagccagtttagccattcgt
>ECK120015463_molR_1p_forward_2196445_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
agttgttttcttgcgattttgtctctctctaacccgcataaatactggtagcatctgcatTcaactggataaaattacagg
>ECK125136874_mpaAp2_reverse_1390637_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgatacaagatcgatgacatagcgttgaagaaaaggatttgataatccgcaaaatttgcAcaacactgcctgtaatactt
>ECK120009849_mplp2_forward_4455760_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aaattacggattatcctgaaatgcgtttctcacttgcccgacatatgcgtaaaatgagcgGcagattaaaaaaggatagtg
>ECK125136881_mppAp13_forward_1393121_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaccgcattttggagactattatttacactaaatctgatttgatatattgatacttaaaAcatttgatgcttcctttgtc
>ECK125136880_mppAp9_forward_1393139_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tattatttacactaaatctgatttgatatattgatacttaaaacatttgatgcttcctttGtcacttttttgatggaagtt
>ECK120010556_mprAp_forward_2810747_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gaatcatttttctaaaacaatacatttactttatttgtcactgtcgttactatatcggctGaaattaatgaggtcataccc
>ECK125137292_mqop5_reverse_2306858_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cccttcatttctaataaccctataattaatcaacgaaattataatgtttctaaaattagaAtataatttataaacattatt
>ECK125137598_mqsAp8_reverse_3168289_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atctggcaggatgtttacagacccaggcttgttacaggccaggtttatcttaaaattacgGtaattcatgacgtactgatc
>ECK125137599_mqsAp9_reverse_3168371_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttgatggtatgtgtaatgttatcattggattatcagagagcgacttttataaaagcatGaccacctactctgatcatac
>ECK120051399_mqsRp_reverse_3168653_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
caaactggcgctactaatgcgccactttcttatatggtcaatcactttccttaaagaataCgttttgtgtggtcactatct
>ECK125095449_mqsRp2_reverse_3168562_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aactaaccttttaggtgctttttcattgctgtaattaaccttttaggttataactaaagtAacagggaggcgggggttatg
>ECK120009845_mraZp_forward_89596_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tatgccttgtgactggcttgacaagcttttcctcagctccgtaaactcctttcagtgggaAattgtggggcaaagtgggaa
>ECK120011130_mreBp1_reverse_3401129_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttcaccgtagcagatgatttttgcgccttgtcgctgctgcgtgtggttggtaaagtaagcGgattttcttttccgccccag
>ECK120030647_mreBp3_reverse_3401356_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atattcacaaagatactcggtttaacctgccgtttaatccgttttcacgtagaataatgcGcgctgcgtctcatgggagtg
>ECK125137723_mreDp2_reverse_3399083_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgatgacgccggaagaggtgcatcgtgttgctaatgaacgtctgatgcagatgatgccgcAggtattgccttcgccagacg
>ECK125203414_mrpp_reverse_2194203_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atagtaccaaatgggaaaatgttaagtaagtacttctctatattcttcaggtaaactatcAgctgatggtttatctataca
>ECK125137090_msrBp6_reverse_1862464_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
agatcaagtttaggacaaaattttgccagttggtgttaatgttttgttagaatcagtcacGtaatgtgagcacgattaaag
>ECK125137695_mtgAp4_reverse_3349831_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagcatatatgctggcgcagaacattgcagaagcggcgagcggcattgataagctggtttCccgcgtgctggttctggctg
>ECK120010246_mtlAp_forward_3772188_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tgatatcacacaaaaggccgtcgactggacagttaaccgattcagtgccagatttcgcagTatctacaaggtccggctacc
>ECK120030650_mtnp_reverse_179183_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtgccatgtcctctcccgcgtgagaaatacgcttccccgtaagcgcatggtaaactatgcCttcaaatcgggcttatcgcg
>ECK120011032_mtrp2_reverse_3305860_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tttttaccatcggggctttttttctgtcttttgtactcgtgtactggtacagtgcaatgcAtaacaacgcagtcgcactat
>ECK125137626_mugp6_reverse_3215496_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cattaccgcgcgcctgctgtttttataaacaatgtattttcaatccgttatacttttcctGgtgatgttagaaaggagtaa
>ECK120035117_murQp1_forward_2545733_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tgcgagtgtagactcaatgattcctttaagcctgtcaattcgggatatatgattccatacAtctgcaattatttgatcgta
>ECK120035116_murRp_reverse_2545793_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcacatttccagcgtcgatacgcggtcaatttcagccgaggcggtgttcgagccttcagtAatcatcttttcaaattgcat
>ECK125137501_mutHp7_forward_2969614_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctaaaaagcaatataaatcagagaattgaacaacgcatgtggaaaaagttacactgcgaAtattcggcacataattgctg
>ECK120033728_mutLp1_forward_4397100_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
agccaggcggtgctggatttacagttcggtcattcccagcgggtagggtatgatgtagcgAccagtatgatcagtcagttg
>ECK120011044_nadBp_forward_2710357_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tttttctcgccgccctgcgtcagcgtgtttagcaactgtaacaaatattaaaatagcaggTgtttatccgcacaacatgat
>ECK120034946_nadEp_forward_1822302_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
catattcttgttcatattccgtcctcttgtttatcagcgtgttagataagcctggaatacAttgggcgctttttcaagccc
>ECK125137443_nadKp2_forward_2750763_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actcatgaatttctccgcgtttttttcgcattcatctcgctaacttcgcttattatggggAtcagtttcagggtttcaagg
>ECK120010137_nagBp_reverse_703708_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atatcgttattatcactcccttttactggctaaaccagaaaacttattttatcattcaaaAaatcaggtcggattgacgcc
>ECK120033606_nagCp1_reverse_701865_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cgccagcaggtgccaacattgaacagttcatttttgcgggtaaaacaatatactaccgtaAcggactttgtgtggatgaga
>ECK120033607_nagCp2_reverse_702008_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
acctggcctggcgggcgcgatcctcgacgaagctgacatttattgcggtattattgctgaTggcctgcatgttgattacgc
>ECK120010015_nagEp_forward_703840_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
actcacaaaagacacgcgtttaatttgcgatacgaattaaattttcacacactctgtagcAgatgatctaacaatctgatt
>ECK125136769_nagKp3_forward_1178540_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attgttgctgagtcttttggcaagttggtatccggcgcggcgcgccagtaatattgacccTgcgcgagtccttagcggcca
>ECK120009897_nanAp_reverse_3373620_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agatcgcattataagctttctgtatggggtgttgcttaattgatctggtataacaggtatAaaggtatatcgtttatcaga
>ECK125137706_nanRp10_reverse_3374676_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaaaaaatatgcgcttatgattattttgtaagaacacattcataatattcataatgctcGtgaatagtcttataaataat
>ECK125137705_nanRp9_reverse_3374703_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttaattgtaggtgaggtgatttttcattaaaaaatatgcgcttatgattattttgtaagAacacattcataatattcata
>ECK120010630_napFp1_reverse_2303574_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acaggttttaccccgatcggggtatgcatctttgacacatcctttaatatcttagcggctAtaaaaatggcttattaatta
>ECK120011005_narGp_forward_1279807_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tccccatcactcttgatcgttatcaattcccacgctgtttcagagcgttaccttgcccttAaacattagcaatgtcgattt
>ECK120011006_narKp1_forward_1277932_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttatcttatcgtttgatttacatcaaattgcctttagctacagacactaaggtggcagacAtcgaaacgagtatcagaggt
>ECK120015955_narKp2_forward_1277821_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgctttacatcggtaagggtagggattttacagcaccgtgaaaaatctcataatttttatGaagtcactgtactcactatg
>ECK120009939_narUp1_reverse_1544124_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tttcttatctattctttcaatcagcacttcacccaattcatccttaattctaataactggCtattgcgccttacctcgtgt
>ECK120015471_narZp_reverse_1542690_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
agtgtttttaatcttctacatcgtttgtgtgctgctgacctggctggtttatggtcggcgGaagttcagccaaaaataaga
>ECK120010216_ndhp_forward_1165992_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aacttgattaacatcaattttggtatgaccaatgcaccattcatgttattctcaatagcgAagaacattttcattgctgta
>ECK125137405_ndkp4_reverse_2644960_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcaatagtctgttttgtccctgattgttgctaaaactcattttattttaaaaaaatgttAccttcatcaatagtcaacgg
>ECK120034939_nemRp_forward_1726021_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gttaatgtccaaagtagcaactttgcttgcactagaccgactggtctactacactccaacGcatgaacaaacacaccgaac
>ECK120010244_nfop_forward_2250806_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
attcaaagcgtcatcgcataaaccactacatcttgctcctgttaacccgctatcattaccGttttcctccagcgggtttaa
>ECK120010037_nfsBp_reverse_605453_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gaaatctatagcgcatttttctcgcttaccatttctcgttgaaccttgtaatctgctggcAcgcaaaattactttcacatg
>ECK120010251_nhaAp1_forward_17458_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aattattcctacactataatctgattttaacgatgattcgtgcggggtaaaatagtaaaaAcgatctattcacctgaaaga
>ECK125136816_nhaBp7_reverse_1234767_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
catctctttccccttgactatcaagacttgcctcactcctgcctgaccgttaagctttgcGtttaaacataaaaacatcat
>ECK120011007_nirBp_forward_3493987_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ataaaggtgaatttgatttacatcaataagcggggttgctgaatcgttaaggtaggcggtAatagaaaagaaatcgaggca
>ECK125137062_nlpCp5_reverse_1792760_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tcgaccatctgatttcattagtatcttgaaaatcgggtaattacgacgctaaattaatgcAagaataaaaaacagaggaac
>ECK120010530_nlpDp1_reverse_2868829_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtgaggaaatacctggatttttcctggttattttgccgcaggtcagcgtatcgtgaacatCttttccagtgttcagtaggg
>ECK120010531_nlpDp2_reverse_2868782_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtatcgtgaacatcttttccagtgttcagtagggtgccttgcacggtaattatgtcactgGttattaaccaatttttcctg
>ECK120015394_nohAp_reverse_1636603_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
cataattgattatttgacgtggtttgatggcctccacgcacgttgtgatatgtagatgatAatcattatcactttacgggt
>ECK120010138_nrdAp_forward_2344755_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttcctgagttatccacaaagttatgcacttgcaagagggtcattttcacactatcttgcaGtgaatcccaaacataccccc
>ECK120010044_nrdDp_reverse_4462838_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
caaaaaaagctcaaacatccttgatgcaaagcactatatatagactttaaaatgcgtcccAacccaatatgttgtattaat
>ECK120009855_nrdHp_forward_2800656_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccactatttgctatatattgtgtggttgaatcttttttcaactacatctagtatctctgtAtcaacagagagacaacccga
>ECK120033028_nrdRp_forward_432977_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ctttatctcaaaagcgttgcgcctttgttgtatcgtcagttcagggtaaaatagatttccGttaaccacctggtcaggacg
>ECK120010250_nrfAp_forward_4287671_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
atgcacttacaattgattaaagacaacattcacagtgtggttatttgttacacataggggCgagcaatgtcatgacagtgt
>ECK120015433_nudBp_reverse_1948674_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
cgaaatcattcgcgttgcatcgaggcggcaactgagtgaactcccatgagcatagataacTatgtgaatgggatgagcgaa
>ECK125137985_nudCp2_forward_4196719_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttagcctcatgtacgattctttgccaggcttaatgccaaccagattgtagtaagccacGagcagatgcttacgtacatg
>ECK125137759_nudEp6_reverse_3526246_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcaaattcctggagttatttcaacctattgacttttaatttgatttgaggacgattatttAttaagttacataaatgtaaa
>ECK125137308_nudIp3_forward_2364525_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatcatcgcaaaagagattactgtcactttcacatatttgtgagttaccgtattctcatgGtttctttttatttataagga
>ECK120010535_nuoAp2_reverse_2405162_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atagaaaggagtaaaaaaccacatcaattagctgtataaaagaatttctacagtgattgtAaggttttttttattcctccc
>ECK125137331_nuoNp1_reverse_2391717_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgttatctctacctttgggctggtctttgcatctgtttattcgctggcgatgttacatcGcgcttacttcggtaaagcga
>ECK120010207_nupCp_forward_2513009_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
acgtcattatagtgtgtgtcagatctcgttttccttaaccatgttacatagaatgtgcacGgaaatttaacctgcctcata
>ECK120010192_nupGp_forward_3105651_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tttgcaattatttgccacaggtaacaaaaaaccagtccgcgaagttgatagaatcccatcAtctcgcacggtcaaatgtgc
>ECK125137231_ogrKp5_reverse_2167548_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgagtgatgtttttattttatctgtttgttttgtaagggtaaattaactaaaatggcaccAtcaacaaaaccggaagaggt
>ECK120032971_ohsCp_forward_2700518_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttttatgctaaagattgcaagttgcttgtaaaagataagtacactgatccataatcgctgTtgttgagggtgcatgctgca
>ECK120010139_ompAp1_reverse_1020191_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttttttcatatgcctgacggagttcacacttgtaagttttcaactacgttgtagactttAcatcgccaggggtgctcggc
>ECK120010140_ompCp1_reverse_2312830_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cttaaaagttttagtatcatattcgtgttggattattctgcatttttggggagaatggacTtgccgactgattaatgaggg
>ECK125136907_ompNp4_reverse_1436984_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttattatcatttcagaggaattatttgattaaggttttacttaaggcgtaacaaatgatAtttatcggctaactgaactt
>ECK125136908_ompNp6_reverse_1437058_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgcagaataacgtatagcaaattaaaagtataatttttattttgtatgtattatcttcgAtacattcaccagacttatta
>ECK120010663_ompRp1_reverse_3536707_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
taacgtgatcatatcaacagaatcaataatgtttcgccgaataaattgtatacttaagctGctgtttaatatgctttgtaa
>ECK120010235_ompRp2_reverse_3536685_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tcaataatgtttcgccgaataaattgtatacttaagctgctgtttaatatgctttgtaacAatttaggctgaaattcatac
>ECK120010664_ompRp3_reverse_3536639_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atatgctttgtaacaatttaggctgaaattcataccagatttagctggtgacgaacgtgaGcttttttaagaatacacgct
>ECK120010665_ompRp4_reverse_3536755_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcatctcgttgattccctttgtctgtttgataatgcgcacattgggtataacgtgatcatAtcaacagaatcaataatgtt
>ECK120034941_ompXp1_forward_850209_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atacccaatgctggttgagcatttgttgaaaaaattttcccccgttttgactaaaatgcgCcaggattgatggaatcatta
>ECK125138111_opgBp7_reverse_4599494_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacatcgcatttttttgacactagaattgcagcaatatggcgacgccattacattgtgctTctcaaaaagcttaaacgttg
>ECK125136931_opgDp7_forward_1496682_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttgctttaaaatctgaccatccgcctttgcaaaaatttgcctgattttacaaacgaatcAggctcatcccatcgacataa
>ECK125136933_opgDp9_forward_1496776_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttatgcatattctctcagttcaacaattggattattaataaatattgtctagagtgagcgGtcataaataagcactttctt
>ECK125138036_ornp5_forward_4391584_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggtcgcccctgatgggcaaaacatctatgatacacgcaattgtggatcaatatagtcactGtgaatgggtggaaaatagca
>ECK120010476_osmBp2_reverse_1343369_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcgcgagcagatttcacggaataatttcaccagacttattcttagctattatagttatagAgagcttacttccgtgaatca
>ECK120010488_osmCp1_forward_1556596_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gccggattttattcggaatatcctgcttatcctcgtgctgtttctcacgtagtctataatTtcctttttaagcccacagga
>ECK120010487_osmEp_reverse_1822283_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aagcggagccgtttcgttcacgggcttgaaaaagcgcccaatgtattccaggcttatctaAcacgctgataaacaagagga
>ECK120010473_osmYp_forward_4611153_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttgcttatgttttcgctgatatcccgagcggtttcaaaattgtgatctatatttaacaaaGtgatgacatttctgacggcg
>ECK125109032_oxySp_reverse_4158394_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
taggtagaatagcaatgaacgattatccctatcaagcattctgactgataattgctcacaGaaacggagcggcacctcttt
>ECK120010709_paaAp_forward_1453865_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atccgtcacagttcaaacatacaaaatttgtgattttacttaactattgtgtaactttcaTaaaacaatgtgattcgtgtt
>ECK120010753_paaXp_forward_1463509_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ggccctggtggggtaaagcgccagggccagaagtcgatacgacctgtgctatgattcataAatcacaacaataacaacaga
>ECK120010393_pabAp1_reverse_3490851_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
ctgcagatgatatttagcaaagtggtaagcgaagccggggaatctgagtaaaatagcgcgGttcttttgtaccggagccgc
>ECK120034550_panBp_reverse_149630_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tggcagtgctgctacggataaatcattgcccccaccaatgtgactgataaaatgccagacAgcacaacatcaatttatcag
>ECK125136374_panCp4_reverse_148910_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agatcctcgtgatgcacgacgcctttggtattaccggcggtcacattcctaaattcgctaAaaatttcctcgccgaaacgg
>ECK125203426_panDp2_reverse_146754_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gctgacgcaaatgccgtcagatgagtagacactaaacaaaaatcgggcaatactgcgtgaGaatttcctcaaagcaggcat
>ECK125137596_parCp4_reverse_3166030_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacgtccggcggcgctattcacgttgatctcctgtgactcgacgcggcagataatgtagtAtctccggcaatattgcccct
>ECK125137253_pbpGp5_reverse_2225066_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgctggcgattggcgtgctggtactggaagtgctgctcgccctaaccgttatactatgggGctacggttatcgtttgttct
>ECK125137254_pbpGp7_reverse_2224941_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcagcatttcctcacgattctcctttgacgatcgcactttttgctcgttatgatggcgtcGctagcctcagtaaatcctta
>ECK120010202_pckp_forward_3532679_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
gatttaaccttttgagaacattttccacacctaaaatgctatttctgcgataatagcaacCgtttcgtgacaggaatcacg
>ECK120016348_pcnBp1_reverse_159151_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
caacattctcaaatgcgtcatgctgagctatgattagccgctatttttttgtcctgaatgAtgtttgacactaccgaggtg
>ECK120016349_pcnBp2_reverse_159195_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaactggcggcttaccgccgtgcccgagtcggcaattgtaaattcaacattctcaaatgcGtcatgctgagctatgattag
>ECK120009927_pcnBp3_reverse_159171_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgagtcggcaattgtaaattcaacattctcaaatgcgtcatgctgagctatgattagccgCtatttttttgtcctgaatga
>ECK120010280_pdhRp_forward_122034_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttcatgatttcaatcaaaacctgtatggacataaggtgaatactttgttactttagcgtcAcagacatgaaattggtaaga
>ECK120049221_pepAp2_reverse_4486112_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtttcatggcttaaacgtcatttattctcttgagtcgtcgaaatcgtcgctaagataattAtactcaacggattcacctct
>ECK120026311_pepDp3_reverse_255737_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cctgtcttgtgttgacaacattttctgctaaccctgtgacctgcaatactgttttgcgggTgatcgacaaggagacttaac
>ECK125109852_pfkAp1_forward_4107522_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tactatttgcacattcgttggatcacttcgatgtgcaagaagacttccggcaacagatttCattttgcattccaaagttca
>ECK120010770_pfkAp2_forward_4107474_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
accgccatttggcctgacctgaatcaattcagcaggaagtgattgttatactatttgcacAttcgttggatcacttcgatg
>ECK125199579_pflAp_reverse_951154_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gggccttttttagcgcgagagccttttttgtcagctatctatactttaaggtgactgccaAaacagactcgacgtagcctt
>ECK125136684_pflAp8_reverse_951228_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcactcaatctatgtaattagatttgactgaaatcgtacagtaaaaagcgtacaataaagGctccacgaaagtggggcctt
>ECK125137981_pflDp3_forward_4143953_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgctgacgccattatgagcaaaattgaagctcacctggcgcaaaccgcttaagttcttctCccgctcgcaagggcgggttc
>ECK120010649_pgip_forward_4233722_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acattacgctaacggcactaaaaccatcacatttttctgtgactggcgctacaatcttccAaagtcacaattctcaaaatc
>ECK120015412_pgkp1_reverse_3072857_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
gaagtcaacctgttgctgcaaaaagcagcacaaggtgcatttcatggtatagttgactatAcggaattgccgttggtctct
>ECK125109854_pgkp3_reverse_3072735_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cacccaaacccgggtcagtggcgcacacctgatcaaaacgttggtctggtgcgataacgaAtggggctttgctaaccgaat
>ECK125165943_pgpBp_forward_1339309_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cggaatggcacaaatctgtcaatttttcctggaactggcgttttcagttatgattgtgggActtatcaaaaaggagaggcc
>ECK125136859_pgpBp4_forward_1339235_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatgctggttctgtattggcttattttgccataacgagaaggggttcacctaatcacgacGcgtcgatcgttcacggaatg
>ECK125136861_pgpBp6_forward_1339162_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcaggaaatcgccccatggggttggcagtttggcttctgccacacgtttaagctgcatgAaattctccagataatgctgg
>ECK120010366_pheLp_forward_2737579_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aacgcgccttcgggcgcgttttttgttgacagcgtgaaaacagtacgggtactgtactaaAgtcacttaaggaaacaaaca
>ECK120015419_phePp_forward_601929_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cccgtttaaccgtgtggattgtgtcttgcgacgatgggcactaaatgttaaaaggtgcccCtcaacaaaaaagacacacag
>ECK120010617_pheUp_reverse_4362627__
aatcgcttttactgaaattaggttgacgagatgtgcagattacggtttaatgcgccccgtTgcccggatagctcagtcggt
>ECK120010598_pheVp_forward_3110365__
gcagtaaattgaagaaatttgattgacgagacgaggcgaatcaggtttaatgcgccccgtTgcccggatagctcagtcggt
>ECK120010252_phnCp_reverse_4325206_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atcgaattcccgttaactcttcatctgttagtcacttttaattaaccaaatcgtcacaatAatccgccacgatggagccac
>ECK120011010_phoAp_forward_401707_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[NTAS|W|Non-traceable author statement]_Weak
aaagttaatcttttcaacagctgtcataaagttgtcacggccgagacttatagtcgctttGtttttattttttaatgtatt
>ECK120011011_phoBp_forward_417101_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[NTAS|W|Non-traceable author statement]_Weak
tgaagatatgtgcgacgagcttttcataaatctgtcataaatctgacgcataatgacgtcGcattaatgatcgcaacctat
>ECK120011028_phoEp_reverse_260158_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttttaagaatattattaatctgtaatatatctttaacaatctcaggttaaaaactttcctGttttcaacgggactctcccg
>ECK120010317_phoHp1_forward_1084865_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcacacagcttttttcatcactgtcatcactctgtcatctttccagtagaaactaatgtcActgaaatggtgttttatagt
>ECK125134711_phoUp_reverse_3907665_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
ggctgcgcgttgttccgaccacacggcgtttatgtacctgggcgaattgattgagttcagCaacacggacgatctgttcac
>ECK125137910_phoUp2_reverse_3907646_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacacggcgtttatgtacctgggcgaattgattgagttcagcaacacggacgatctgttcAccaagccagcgaagaaacaa
>ECK125136796_pinEp1_forward_1209527_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caatttatttgtcggataagcctttgccagttccgggtattcttcagcagaaaaagcggcAccattgcatttcagccagcc
>ECK120029525_pitBp_reverse_3136403_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tatcgttaaaaaatgatatttcactttgcccatgccgttaaagtcactgataatgcgtccGttcgtaaattcaaaatggcg
>ECK125140844_pkap_forward_2719931_[TASES|W|Traceable author statement to experimental support],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaaacgcaacatctgggtagcatcacagcagaacagttagaaagcgtttaaaatcattcgGtcacttctgcgggagaccgg
>ECK120049219_pldAp_forward_4004814_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ggtttctactttaggaagggataactaacggctatggagttaagtatgtaaaatagcccgCagaaaaatattcaccttatc
>ECK125137932_pldBp4_forward_4009023_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgagcgaggtggtcatagtgttgattgcaccagagcctggcgacaggcttaaaatgatcgAtgtcagcaggtaggcaaacc
>ECK125203411_plsXp_forward_1147577_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Strong
ggccgcaaggtcatcgctaagtaatcacgcatctgcgtgatgaagcttagtgaggattttCcccaggcaactggggaaaga
>ECK125137312_pmrDp3_reverse_2373574_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcacttctcatttctgccattccattgccgttgataaagagtttatctgttaatctgtaaAttgatgtgaaaactcttagc
>ECK120011045_pncBp_reverse_990414_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aaaggtggcatatggtgtgatcggggttcaataaattgcgaaacaaggtatactccagcaGttcctgaagatgtttattgt
>ECK120010385_pnpp_reverse_3311326_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gagtggccccttttttcaagctgacggcagcaattcactggaaactaatgtattgttgctAtgaatgatcttccgttgcag
>ECK120010629_pntAp_reverse_1677975_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
attttcagtacgttatagggcgtttgttactaatttattttaacggagtaacatttagctCgtacatgagcagcttgtgtg
>ECK120015389_polBp_reverse_65803_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gggcagtaatgactgtataaaaccacagccaatcaaacgaaaccaggctatactcaagccTggttttttgatggattttca
>ECK125136772_potDp5_reverse_1182848_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggtgctgtcgctggtgatggttattgccagccagcttattgctcgtgataaaacgaaagGtaacacaggggacgttaaat
>ECK125095184_ppdDp_reverse_117705_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tgcgttttcgctaatagttgacagatttatccgctccatcgcgggcggataatctcccctTccccaactttcttcgtaacg
>ECK125137467_pphBp1_forward_2859737_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctatcgggaatattaacgacaactgacgaataaaataaaaacaccctgtataataggaaAgcttattttacagggtaaaa
>ECK120010560_ppiAp1_reverse_3492335_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
agatacgtaaaattaggtaaagggatggccttgttcttgaaggctatttagaatctcttcActtgctttttttctgctctg
>ECK120010561_ppiAp2_reverse_3492395_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
cattttaagaggtgattttgatcacggaataaaaagtgatcgtcaggttacatatatttcAgatacgtaaaattaggtaaa
>ECK120010562_ppiAp3_reverse_3492430_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gtttaaatgttttattgcaatcggttgctaaattgcattttaagaggtgattttgatcacGgaataaaaagtgatcgtcag
>ECK120010563_ppiAp4_reverse_3492449_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttaggtgattttgtgatctgtttaaatgttttattgcaatcggttgctaaattgcattttAagaggtgattttgatcacgg
>ECK120010558_ppiDp2_forward_461819_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ggcgcatctactgatgtgccttttttatttgtattcggtgactttctgcgtcttgtgggcTgacaattgcccccgtttctt
>ECK125137058_ppsRp6_forward_1787383_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctgttttcataaaaaataaaattgaaggttcattttataaaccagacataacgttctacGcttctgtgcgtttttaattt
>ECK125137059_ppsRp8_forward_1787351_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catcggtataaacgaaaccataaaaatgaaatgctgttttcataaaaaataaaattgaagGttcattttataaaccagaca
>ECK120010220_ppsp_reverse_1787161_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tatatttgcttgaacgattcaccgtttttttcatccggttaaatatgcaaagataaatgcGcagaaatgtgtttctcaaac
>ECK125136955_pptAp6_forward_1532867_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aattattttcagggatacggcacattgctattaatattttgacgaatgataaggtattcaAggcagggttaagacgtaaga
>ECK120010681_pqiAp1_forward_1011666_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccgcggcaaaagcagaaactgtaaaacgcagcagtagcaaactaagctataaattgcagcGcgaactggagcagctaccgc
>ECK125138118_prfCp4_forward_4609356_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actggagcagctcctgtgtaaacactgattgcctcccccccgttgatgggtaaaatagccGcaatttttcgttttcaacaa
>ECK125136413_proBp8_forward_260216_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacaggaaagtttttaacctgagattgttaaagatatattacagattaataatattcttaAaatgtggtaatttattaaat
>ECK120010616_proKp_reverse_3708694__
aggcattttgctattaagggattgacgagggcgtatctgcgcagtaagatgcgccccgcaTtcggtgattggcgcagcctg
>ECK120010594_proLp_forward_2286207__
atcagttagcgaaatatcttacttgcaatcggtgtggaaaacggtagtattagcagccacGagtcggcacgtagcgcagcc
>ECK120010213_proPp1_forward_4330320_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tcctaaacgaaatccatgtgtgaagttgatcacaaatttaaacactggtagggtaaaaagGtcattaactgcccaattcag
>ECK120010285_proSp_reverse_218837_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaccgcgttaaattcacgcccttctcttttgacatttcttttgcactggtaaactaaatcActtttttttgtcccaggctc
>ECK120010368_proVp1_forward_2804563_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
taattcccgccaaatagctttttatcacgcaaataatttgtggtgatctacactgatactCtgttgcattattcgcctgaa
>ECK120010369_proVp2_forward_2804599_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttgtggtgatctacactgatactctgttgcattattcgcctgaaaccacaatattcaggCgttttttcgctatctttgac
>ECK120010370_proVp3_forward_2804755_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttcatgccacatttgccatcaggggttgcctcagattctcagtatgttagggtagaaaaaAgtgactatttccattgggta
>ECK120015167_prpRp_reverse_348471_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tttcaggcaatgtttcaccgcgtttcattgcaacaattatgaaacaagactaaacccaatAttcggtttcttaactttgcg
>ECK120011046_prsp_reverse_1262177_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcgcaagaaaacgttttcgcgaggttgatgcggtgctttcctggctgttagaatacgcccCgtcgcgcctgactgggacag
>ECK120009916_psiEp_forward_4240300_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgaacaaaacatacacaaaaaatatagatctccgtcacatttttgcgttatacaggaagcTcgccactgtgaaggaggtac
>ECK120009905_pspFp1_reverse_1367945_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tatctttttgatttataaagatctgattgaagaatcaacagcaacatgccaggatgagttAgcgaattacactaacaagtg
>ECK120009907_pspFp3_reverse_1368040_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
caaagcgagaaaaaatacccataatgttgtcctcttgatttctgcgttcaggattgtcctGctgaactgttaatacaattt
>ECK125137426_pssAp4_forward_2722578_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgctagcccgcaagctcgggtttaacgttgatatccagctcgaagaggggatcgttgggCttacgctaaatcttgcccag
>ECK125137427_pssAp6_forward_2722667_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
atcatgagtaaggtactggaaatgttgaccacttaatcgggactggtgttattattgcccGcttatgtcgtctgcattgca
>ECK120035100_pstBp_reverse_3908447_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
agaggggcgaggggaccgaccgagcgcctttttgactctgtacacggttaacactttgccGgatgcggcgtgaacgcctga
>ECK125134709_pstBp1_reverse_3908556_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
ttaccctgtgcgtactgctgctgaacattctggcgcgcgttgtttttgcgaagaataaacAcggttgatattgctgacacg
>ECK125134707_pstCp_reverse_3910542_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
cggggctaaacaggcgaacgacctggattacgccagcctgccggatagtgtagttgaacaGgttcgcgctgcgtggaagac
>ECK120010253_pstSp_reverse_3911568_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcataaaactgtcatattccttacatataactgtcacctgtttgtcctattttgcttctcGtagccaacaaacaatgcttt
>ECK120009901_pthp_reverse_1258542_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tatctgcatttgatacgcagttttttgtcaagcggggccgcaaccagtaaactacgcgccAgttatgtacacactcaggac
>ECK120010375_ptrAp_reverse_2959011_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aatcagtcatgagtgctgtataaaaattgcgcaatctatccgcttactttatgatgcgcaCcagtcacggactgatggtta
>ECK120009862_ptsGp2_forward_1157626_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atccgttgaatgagtttttttaaagctcgtaattaatggctaaaacgagtaaagttcaccGccgaaaattgggcggtgaat
>ECK120010357_ptsHp2_forward_2533601_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
caaagctgaatcgattttatgatttggttcaattcttcctttagcggcataatgtttaatGacgtacgaaacgtcagcggt
>ECK120010356_ptsHp4_forward_2533501_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tcaaactttcgcccctcctggcattgattcagcctgtcggaactggtatttaaccagactAattattttgatgcgcgaaat
>ECK120010161_purAp_forward_4404664_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ggtcatttttgagtgcaaaaagtgctgtaactctgaaaaagcgatggtagaatccattttTaagcaaacggtgattttgaa
>ECK120011012_purCp_reverse_2597781_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttagcaagtaaaaatacagggctggaatcatccggcccttttttctgatatgatacgcaaAcgtgtgcgtctgcaggaaaa
>ECK120010154_purEp_reverse_553142_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
gctgatttcacagccacgcaaccgttttccttgctctctttccgtgctattctctgtgccCtctaaagccgagagttgtgc
>ECK120011013_purHp_reverse_4207627_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcaccattgaaagagaaaaattcgcgagcgttgcgcaaacgttttcgttacaatgcgggcGaaaaataaggatgccccgtt
>ECK120011014_purLp_reverse_2695589_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gtgattttatttccacgcaaacggtttcgtcagcgcatcagattctttataatgacgcccGtttcccccccttgggtacac
>ECK120011015_purMp_forward_2621153_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgcaaaaaggttgtgtaaagcagtctcgcaaacgtttgctttccctgttagaattgcgccGaattttatttttctaccgca
>ECK120011016_purRp_forward_1737689_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ataatgataagtgtttttaccacttccccttttcgtcaagatcggccaaaattccacgctTacactatttgcgtactggcc
>ECK125137137_purTp3_forward_1930855_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggttgagaaatcaacatcagcaataaagacacacgcaaacgttttcgtttatactgcgcGcggaattaatcaggggatat
>ECK125136834_purUp3_reverse_1288751_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gcaataattgaacgttcgcgatttttgaaagaaaacggtcaatggtactatattgacggtAcacgtccgcagtttggtcgc
>ECK120010662_putAp_reverse_1078925_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttgctacgcatgtcacatttaacatggttgcacaaagttgcaacatcatggatatttcacGataacgttaagttgcacctt
>ECK120010626_putPp1_forward_1079168_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gagtgcaacctgatgaaaaatagtgtcgctgagcactaaaatttaatgtaaatggtgtgtTaaatcgattgtgaataacca
>ECK120010315_putPp4_forward_1079210_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttaatgtaaatggtgtgttaaatcgattgtgaataaccagcgcttccggcaggatacggtCgccctggtaaaacataaact
>ECK120034249_pykAp1_forward_1937544_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttgataagcagttacttaatttaagtgacgatcgctaaaaacgactgtcactgtcctaatCttatacgacatccgaatgag
>ECK120034250_pykAp2_forward_1937494_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
attcagagataacttgaagcgggtcaaagaagcgctgaaggaatcgcgttttgataagcaGttacttaatttaagtgacga
>ECK120010529_pykFp_forward_1755467_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
atattttttgaaacgctgtttttgttttccttttggattaatttcagcgtataatgcgcgCcaattgactcttgaatggtt
>ECK120034238_pykFp1_forward_1755663_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcaccaccactttcgtaataccggattcgctttccggcagtgcgcccagaaagcaagtttCtcccatccttctcaacttaa
>ECK120011017_pyrCp_reverse_1122643_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgcattcgcgccctttatttttcgtgcaaaggaaaacgtttccgcttatcctttgtgtccGgcaaaaacatcccttcagcc
>ECK120011018_pyrDp_forward_1004732_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acgtttgcgttttttttgccgcaggtcaattcccttttggtccgaactcgcacataatacGcccccggtttgcacaccggg
>ECK120010324_pyrFp_forward_1341870_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gcctgccaggggagaaatcgcaactgttaattttttatttccacgggtagaatgctcgccGtttacctgtttcgcgccact
>ECK120009854_pyrHp_forward_191812_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
atcttgtaaattcagctaacccttgtggggctgcgctgaaaagcgacgtacaatgtcgctAgtattaattcatttcaatcg
>ECK120016575_qseBp1_forward_3169801_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agggaaaaaaataaaatttagtgctgtacagagcgcgttacaacacggtttactggcagcAaatacggttatcgcagggat
>ECK120016568_qseBp2_forward_3169749_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctttaatgtctgtttccgagcatttaacaagatagtccttaacaacttcttaagggaaaaAaataaaatttagtgctgtac
>ECK125137484_queEp7_reverse_2905606_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcggtaattttatattcgttatcattaaaaactaatacagaaaaaataaatataattttgGtgaatgttttgacatgatta
>ECK125136890_racRp3_reverse_1420244_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgtgcctaatgcagtaagggtagggattgcctaatgtaatgcgcataggagaatattaaGcaatgcttagtggtaaagac
>ECK125136891_racRp4_reverse_1420449_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggacatctctcggcaggcaattgacgtacccctttgatccattgatttacgcttggagGtgatacacctaaaagcctag
>ECK125137924_rarDp1_reverse_4004227_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acacaatgaagaacagctttatattgccagtgccaccgccacctatatggtaggttgaagAcataaaagcaggtaaactgc
>ECK125137926_rarDp3_reverse_4004258_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcaataaagtcgccgtcgcccgcgttgaattacacaatgaagaacagctttatattgccaGtgccaccgccacctatatgg
>ECK125136412_rayTp8_forward_247624_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgctttcccgatataaaacaacctcattgccaacctttccttttcttcttaccgttgagaAaaaggagtcgccatgtctga
>ECK125137316_rbnp4_forward_2381581_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcagatcttgccattcaatcataatgctctccttttagatgtatgccttatactagccgGaatattttttgaaacgtgat
>ECK120010256_rbsDp_forward_3933322_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atcacatttccgtaacgtcacgatggttttcccaactcagtcaggattaaactgtgggtcAgcgaaacgtttcgctgatgg
>ECK120032985_rcnAp_forward_2185827_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttctgtttatcacggattgtatgagacatggcaacacctggttaacaagaatatgaaaaAtcatagcactattaatctac
>ECK120032986_rcnRp_reverse_2185903_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aagaaccaggcgtttccttgctgaagaagagttgtaaattcggtcatgataataattcttAgtattaattcggcaatctga
>ECK120010578_rcsAp_forward_2023836_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctcactcacatatcgcaacatttactttactttaagacaattccaggcaaattatacaacActttacgggatagtaagtcc
>ECK125109864_rcsBp1_forward_2315695_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gggtgcaacctgtatcacacccgatgaaagattaattagtcaagattatgatatctttttAacggataatccgtctaatct
>ECK125109865_rcsBp2_forward_2315975_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tattatgcgctctttgtagacacagtaccggatgatgttaagaggctgtatactgaagcaGcaaccagtgactttgctgcg
>ECK125109863_rcsDp_forward_2313452_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tagagaatcatcaatcaggtaagagtctggaatttcacactgtaccctttatactgccctAtcacttcgcgaagttttaac
>ECK125136827_rdlAp5_forward_1269323_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgcgagcgtcatatagccgccttgttgtaatgacaacattttgcggctattcttgaattGttctggttcaagattagccc
>ECK120009856_rdoAp_forward_4042391_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aagagtaaaagcttgtaagcggcgccaccaaaatcatcgtgaaatgatatccttcgtcatTcgtaatgttttccggatgat
>ECK120011019_recAp_reverse_2823819_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cttgtggcaacaatttctacaaaacacttgatactgtatgagcatacagtataattgcttCaacagaacatattgactatc
>ECK120016569_recCp_reverse_2962507_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgccaactggcaggtcaaccgaatgcagacatcgcaggcgggatgtgtcagcatcagcgtTacgctagtttcacccggggg
>ECK120015765_recNp_forward_2751759_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
aattattctaattttacgccagcctctttactgtatataaaaccagtttatactgtacacAataacagtaatggtttttca
>ECK125137930_recQp2_forward_4005833_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggattaccctctcagagactaaaagcattgcagtttctcgcgcaggcgctgaaaatagcgCctgtttttatttcaggcaat
>ECK120010374_relAp1_reverse_2913829_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtgttatgcagcaaattataaaactggaacctattcgtatagtttatgtatcctgtaaccCtgcaacgctggctcgggata
>ECK120029520_relAp2_reverse_2914277_[CV(SM/TIM)|C|cross validation(SM/TIM)],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[SM|S|Site mutation],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Confirmed
ttttcgcattctgaaggcctggatctgtatctcgcccccgatagtgagatactcgaaaccGtctctggtgagatgccctgg
>ECK120030217_relBp_reverse_1645903_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgactactttctgacttccttcgtgacttgccctaagcatgttgtagtgcgatacttgtaAtgacatttgtaattacaaga
>ECK125137000_remp2_reverse_1644975_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttttgtttttattttcaacgcgtttgaagttctggacggtgccggaatagaatcaaaaAtacttaagtagcgcgcaggg
>ECK120010422_repp_forward_3960647_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cagccaaccggttagcggcttacacgcggtcacattcaaatgcgattctgctacaatcctCcccccgttcgaagattgagc
>ECK120009994_rfaDp1_forward_3793939_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
atccttgcacctctatgtaaagggctgaagggattcggatgtgatggtatgattacagacAttcgtgtctgagattgtctc
>ECK125137938_rfaHp4_reverse_4024873_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttgttaaattagcgtgaactctgacggtataacgcaaaccggggaatataattaacttAgcgtaaagcttttgctatcc
>ECK125137939_rfaHp5_reverse_4024965_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagaagtcgcgtaaatcgttatatttcatggcgtccattgtagcctcttaatctgcgcccAttatacggcgttcatctttg
>ECK125095189_rfaYp_reverse_3801136_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aactaaaccgtggcacaaatgggcaatttatccatcggtaaaatactataaaatagctttAgaaaattccccctggaaaga
>ECK125137219_rfbXp6_reverse_2109586_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctttcgccaaaagatgaaaggctctttacgttagatgagcttatcagattaaaattaattGcatgaatacgaataaattat
>ECK125137220_rfbXp7_reverse_2109718_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttttggttctgtctgatatcgctgaatttcaatataaaactacaaactattatcatcctGaaagcgattgtggaatatgt
>ECK125137216_rfcp10_reverse_2107283_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tagcagagaagacaaggttatatttggcgggcgtttggccgagtataaatattatgatatGcatcaagtgatatctgccgc
>ECK125137217_rfcp11_reverse_2107444_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tataccagaataattgagcataaacattttgactatgttgagacaaagcatacggttgttAcaaaagaatatccattagag
>ECK125137215_rfcp8_reverse_2107234_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tattatgatatgcatcaagtgatatctgccgctctttatcaagtgaaaaatataatgagtAcggattaatgatctatcttg
>ECK125095203_rfep_forward_3967800_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aatgccgcgctggcgatgttaggaaaattcctggaatttgctggcatgttatgcaatttgCatatcaaatggttaattttt
>ECK120010264_rhaBp_reverse_4097472_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcccattttcctgtcagtaacgagaaggtcgcgaattcaggcgctttttagactggtcgtAatgaaattcagcaggatcac
>ECK120010141_rhaSp_forward_4097711_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tacgtggttttccgtcgaaaatttaaggtaagaacctgacctcgtgattactatttcgccGtgttgacgacatcaggaggc
>ECK120010258_rhaTp_reverse_4100566_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atcgacaacggcggcaacaggcgaaaggttaatcgacagcacgatttttacactcatctcGtcggagatgtgacgcgacga
>ECK125137305_rhmAp3_reverse_2358946_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgcgcgtgaaagcagaaacgttatttgccagcgatgcggcgggattactgacgctggcaGcggtggcggtcatcggttcg
>ECK125137811_rhsBp10_forward_3619113_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaataccctatccgaaccttctcttttgtaacgttctaaatatattcctaaaaatcttcAattcattgtgaccacaagtt
>ECK125137812_rhsBp11_forward_3619003_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcggcgtgcggcacgggcatttgcagtgcttgccgaaggaagattgagtctattattgggTcctttggtgaacgatcaaca
>ECK125137809_rhsBp8_forward_3619178_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attgtgaccacaagtttttcttcgctttttcgtatgaagatactgtcattaaaataatagAaaaggattttacgatgagcg
>ECK125136518_rhsDp8_forward_523066_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actaataaaatcataaatcatatgcgttgaatggatattatccatatagtgaatttgttgAtgatgaattcatctgtgcta
>ECK125136645_rhtAp8_reverse_850304_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacgggccatttcatgtaacagaacgtttccatacaccgctatccatctaaatttaaatcActttttcagagaactgcgta
>ECK120010654_ribAp2_reverse_1339234_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgaaaacgccagttccaggaaaaattgacagatttgtgccattccgtgaacgatcgacgcGtcgtgattaggtgaacccct
>ECK125137038_ribCp5_reverse_1743458_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgagaatcaccgggattgctaatgctaataacagacgcgcttcactgatatacttctgcAcgtgaacaccttttatttgt
>ECK120016956_ribFp_forward_21383_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[CV(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)|C|cross validation(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)],[FP|S|Footprinting],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Confirmed
ttctgatttcggtactcaatcgccggttaaccttgaccgctgtacaaggtatactcggacGattttcactgttttgagcca
>ECK120010622_rihBp_reverse_2255252_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtttatccgctatgagatttctcatatttagcatacgtacgctgttgttaagattcaatcAtcggcccggtcgaattttct
>ECK120009923_rimKp_forward_891876_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Weak
ctggagcgatcatatccgccgaacaatcattaaagaaagccgcccatttattctggattaTttgcacaaacagggttgggc
>ECK120016963_rimPp_reverse_3318175_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
ttcaaatccggcccccgcaaccactttcccttagagtcctttttcaaatatactgtgaagActtcggccttcgtagtggga
>ECK125137115_rlmAp9_reverse_1907086_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttatcttcgctcctggcgttcggatatttgcccgccgcgtgattcgcgttacacttgcgGcctttagtatcctgccggag
>ECK120010506_rlmEp1_reverse_3327760_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ggtgctgtttttgtttagtactcagattcatcgtattttttgcttacgttgggattgaaaAcgggtcattctaccgccatc
>ECK125136642_rlmFp7_forward_842224_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atatttttacaaaataagacaaatcaatgacatgcataatgctgatttttatgatgaattGccataaaccatagccatgtt
>ECK125136705_rlmIp4_reverse_1030001_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgctctccttatccttaatggacgcgttgcaaatccatggaaaactccggacaatgacgCccatttctttgcatcgacag
>ECK125136577_rlpAp7_reverse_665213_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtgctgatggctgggttcgggattgtaatgtcaatccacacccacaggaaaatgttgtcGaaaagcgtgtaagaggtgcg
>ECK125136699_rmfp4_forward_1015532_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtaaatataaccgtctccggtatgttgcctgaggcggtttttttgtctctaacgtgcggaAaaatttgttcctcttcacat
>ECK125136700_rmfp5_forward_1015503_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaagcgtctaccttaattataaagatttgtaaatataaccgtctccggtatgttgcctgAggcggtttttttgtctctaa
>ECK120010748_rnbp1_reverse_1349129_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaccaatgggctgaccgtcattctgttgagcgcgctaccgttcaggcgatacaatggctgAcccgagcacccgatcgcttt
>ECK120010749_rnbp2_reverse_1348944_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aatcgcgttgggtgagacatattaaccttgccgcgtcagacagattcgcgtaaaactgtcAgccgctctaatggccaccaa
>ECK120010724_rncp_reverse_2704223_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atgagataaatctcccgtggctaacgacatcccccgtcgttgtgtatagaatattcccccGaagtttaaggttggcacctc
>ECK120051391_rndp_reverse_1888061_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaaaattttgcgacgagaattacgtgacgaagcgcgcggcaaagtggacaataaagcctgAgcgttaagtcagtcgtcaga
>ECK120029521_rnep1_reverse_1144728_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gggtgataaatggtaaaagtcatcttgctataacaaggcttgcagtggaataatgaggccGtttccgtgtccatccttgtt
>ECK120029522_rnep2_reverse_1144762_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcaccagcaagaagtgaaaaaactgtgagtaagcgggtgataaatggtaaaagtcatcttGctataacaaggcttgcagtg
>ECK120029523_rnep3_reverse_1144873_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgattctaattagccaacaggattcgcgccactcatttttctatgcttatatttacttttGcaccttattacttcactgcg
>ECK125136561_rnkp6_reverse_644055_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aattccctgaatgtgacgcaaatcacttcaaagagtgagcaacagtcagtatcatcatgtGagttaaaccctcgccgcctg
>ECK125109143_rnlAp2_forward_2765894_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
caggtggctaaatttagcaaatcaatacacttcaggggggtattattgtagagtttccccAtatgtttctatgggatccag
>ECK125109144_rnlBp2_forward_2766860_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttgcagctactcttagaccggaacagattaacatcatcagcacagcctatactttttttAatgtggaacgtcattctctg
>ECK125137403_rodZp1_reverse_2642932_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttagccttagtgaatgtgggctttgtcacgagcacacagacggtcttatactgtatgatAacggttaacttaacggatgt
>ECK120010026_rpiBp_forward_4313257_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tggatggtgagtgtctttaacgctattgcgctgtcagatgtaactctgtaaaacagatcaGgaaggcgtaattcatcgatt
>ECK120011144_rplMp_reverse_3378672_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
cggactttgtcgtgtgaacctcaacaattgaagacgtttgggtgttcaccaacgtgtaacTatttattgggtaagctttta
>ECK125122035_rplUp_reverse_3333516_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttcttcgtgtattgactgtagcacttgtcaaaggcgtgcgttttgcgtaatattcgcgccCtattgtgaatatttatagcg
>ECK125203431_rplVp_forward_2282440_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
attacgcggttaatggtagttttgattgatgtataaggcgattgagtatagaatctcgccCgcttttgcatacgcaaagca
>ECK125137690_rpmAp4_reverse_3333225_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcggcgtaatcaaagctgaagttgttgctcacggtcgtggcgagaaagttaaaatcgttaAgtttcgtcgtcgtaaacact
>ECK120029428_rpmIp_reverse_1800427_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tagacttagtcgagatcagccctaacgccgagccgccggtttgtcgtataatggattacgGcaaattcctctatgaaaaga
>ECK120010382_rpoDp1_forward_3212473_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
agagcggcgtttctcgccctgttccgcagctaaaacgcacgaccatgcgtatacttatagGgttgctggtgcaaaatccag
>ECK120010383_rpoDp2_forward_3212637_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
acttgtctctcccagccaggtctgaccaccgggcaacttttagagcactatcgtggtacaAataatgctgccacccttgaa
>ECK120010579_rpoEp2_reverse_2710087_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgacaaacaaaaacagatgcgttacggaactttacaaaaacgagacactctaaccctttgCttgctcaaattgcagctaat
>ECK120010514_rpoHp1_reverse_3601003_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acggtacaacatttacgccactttacgcctgaataataaaagcgtgttatactctttcccTgcaatgggttccgtagcagg
>ECK120010155_rpoHp4_reverse_3600863_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tttattcacaagcttgcattgaacttgtggataaaatcacggtctgataaaacagtgaatGataacctcgttgctcttaag
>ECK120010581_rpoNp_forward_3344662_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
cgcctacagaaatcttacaagacgaacacgttaagcgtgtataccttggggaagacttcaGactctgatagggtagaagtt
>ECK120010533_rpoSp_reverse_2868118_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gcctgcacaaaattccaccgttgctgttgcgtcgcaaccgacaattacgtattctgagtcTtcgggtgaacagagtgctaa
>ECK120048895_rpoZp_forward_3822077_[TAS|W|Traceable author statement],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
atgacgctttaatcagcaaattgttggcagactgaacctgatttcagtatcatgcccagtCatttcttcacctgtggagct
>ECK120010744_rpsAp1_forward_961717_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gaacgtgcgcatcgccgcatgctacagttgcaggagaagggctttagtgttaactttgagCgccttttggccgagatcaaa
>ECK120010310_rpsAp3_forward_961859_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tagtgttggattccaccaccttaagcattgagcaagtgattgaaaaagcgctacaatacgCgcgccagaaattggctctcg
>ECK120034397_rpsBp_forward_189712_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tgctgtacacagcgccaacaattattggtgtccacgacgtatttgtggtataaagcgcgcCggacttccgatccatttcgt
>ECK120034372_rpsFp_forward_4425025_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aggggagatttatttcggctctgcccttgagtttagcgaggcatacaagtactataacgcGtcatttttcagccgaccttt
>ECK125137707_rpsIp2_reverse_3378290_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgaaatcgcggttaaaggcatgttgccaaaaggcccgctgggtcgtgctatgttccgtaAactgaaagtttacgcgggta
>ECK120010391_rpsJp_reverse_3453442_[FP|S|Footprinting]_Strong
aggctgtttactttactagcaatacgcttgcgttcggtggttaagtatgtataatgcgcgGgcttgtcgtagttgacagca
>ECK120011146_rpsMp2_reverse_3442565_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aaggctgattttttcgcatatttttcttgcaaagttgggttgagctggctagattagccaGccaatcttttgtatgtctgt
>ECK120015469_rpsPp_reverse_2746254_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tttacagcagagttagcaactgttgattgcaattcccgcaaaaatgagtaaaattttcggGcttttaatatgacaccggac
>ECK120010380_rpsUp1_forward_3210646_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
atgcgggttgatgtaaaactttgttcgcccctggagaaagcctcgtgtatactcctcaccCttataaaagtccctttcaaa
>ECK120010381_rpsUp2_forward_3210712_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaagtccctttcaaaaaaggccgcggtgctttacaaagcagcagcaattgcagtaaaattCcgcaccattttgaaataagc
>ECK120010527_rpsUp3_forward_3210735_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cggtgctttacaaagcagcagcaattgcagtaaaattccgcaccattttgaaataagctgGcgttgatgccagcggcaaac
>ECK120033629_rrsAp2_forward_4035356_[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ccggcagagaaagcaaaaataaatgcttgactctgtagcgggaaggcgtattatgcacacCccgcgccgctgagaaaaagc
>ECK120009873_rrsDp2_reverse_3428940_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agagaaaaaaatcctgaaattcagggttgactctgaaagaggaaagcgtaatatacgccaCctcgcgacagtgagctgaaa
>ECK120010769_rsdp2_reverse_4196859_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcaattatacgatccatagctcttgcactacctttgcatcactggcatgtttaacatggtTtttacatttctcactgagca
>ECK125138035_rsgAp12_reverse_4391566_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aggttgttttcattggcactcatgctattttccacccattcacagtgactatattgatccAcaattgcgtgtatcatagat
>ECK125138116_rsmCp3_reverse_4607725_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcaggggcgcaaatatagcaaattcgtcgataccgcgccaacatatggctataatcgccGccagtatcaattgaggagca
>ECK125137555_rsmEp4_forward_3091068_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcataacccgtatgtgcaacgcgcttgccaggcgcgaaagagctaacctacactagcggGattctttttgttaaccccta
>ECK125141558_rsmGp_reverse_3923756_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
cgtcacgcctgcggccatctccattctgctggtgtggctgaaaaaacagggtatgctgcgTcgtagcgcataacgcattaa
>ECK125137282_rsuAp2_reverse_2280545_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taatagtatgccatggatctttttcccttgagggatgttattagaccgctatactgggcaGacaacagttcagattttcgg
>ECK125137279_rtnp1_forward_2270678_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgttttcattcatcagagaaaatgatgtttccgcgtcttgatccaggctatagtccggtcAttgttatcttttaaatgttg
>ECK120033698_rutRp2_forward_1074113_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[FP|S|Footprinting]_Strong
ccagtttttaaaaagttaatgttattaatctgttaacattacgttatctaaaatatctggTaaaaagtggactaaacggtc
>ECK125137145_ruvBp3_reverse_1945452_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaccgacgatgctgaacaagaagcggttgccgcgctggtggcgctgggctataaaccacaAgaagcaagccgcatggtgag
>ECK120015432_ruvCp_reverse_1947439_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gtctgatcgatatgctggaagattgcgacgacgtgcaggaagtttaccataacggtgaaaTctctgatgaggtcgcagcga
>ECK125140763_rybAp_reverse_853064_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaccagagttgcgaaggtacaaaaaattaacgttttagcaatagctatataatatagcctGtgctatatctgtatgtaatg
>ECK125137051_rydBp2_reverse_1764924_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctgaattaaaagaagaaatctactttgcctggcgtctgggcgtgcattgatcctgacttAatgccgcaagttcgccaaat
>ECK120030648_rydCp_reverse_1491506_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agatggacgtatgggcaaggattatggttttatttatcatacaaataaatataataggcgCttccgatgtagacccgtatt
>ECK120032973_ryfDp_reverse_2734295_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atcgtcgcgacaagaccaccggtcgtatggcaagtttcatttggctgatataacctaaagAatcaagacgatccggtacgc
>ECK120009960_ryhBp_reverse_3581016_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
aatgcatttttttgcaaaaagtgttggacaagtgcgaatgagaatgattattattgtctcGcgatcaggaagaccctcgcg
>ECK120032974_ryjBp_forward_4527977_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccacggcctgacgccagtcggtggctttacgttgtgcctgtacccatttaatatcgttaaTcatccgtcgttgactccatg
>ECK120033699_safAp_reverse_1584028_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgcctacagctgtaagaaactccgctcagtactgaagcaccagtcctatttcctcttttcTccagcctgttatattaagca
>ECK120033029_sbcDp_reverse_416977_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tattgatttccgtggcgcagaaaaaagcaaatggcacatctgtttgggtataatcgcgccCatgctttttcgccagggaac
>ECK120033031_sdaCp_forward_2928035_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gcccttaaattctcttttacttttgatttacagagtaaagcgttgggataatctatcttcCaagtagattattgtatttga
>ECK120010170_sdhCp_forward_754958_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgacaaactatatgtaggttaattgtaatgattttgtgaacagcctatactgccgccaggTctccggaacaccctgcaatc
>ECK120010305_sdhDp2_forward_755404_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aggtttcgagcaagcttccgcgattatgggcagcttcttcgtcaaatttatcatgtggggCatccttaccgctctggcgta
>ECK125140840_sdiAp1_reverse_1996917_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
actcattaataacataagagaatgcgatggcttgcaaaagtaattcattgcctgaataatAtaaattatatataaatctta
>ECK125137169_sdiAp2_reverse_1996897_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Strong
aatgcgatggcttgcaaaagtaattcattgcctgaataatataaattatatataaatcttAtttatgtgatagtttgaatt
>ECK125140841_sdiAp3_reverse_1996867_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cctgaataatataaattatatataaatcttatttatgtgatagtttgaattatcattataAatgatactcactctcagggg
>ECK125203416_secBp_reverse_3784203_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
acagcacattggcggctgtgatgacttgtatgcattggatgcacgtggtggactggatccCctgctgaaataacgtgtgaa
>ECK120034382_secGp1_reverse_3322587_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gatacaatgcgataaaattgcccttgcgaaggtcattcgctttggttagtattcacacccGcttcagtgggaaagattaaa
>ECK125137867_selBp5_reverse_3759925_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtcattagccgcccgctggcgtgaattgccagtgccggtgattggtcgtatttatgacgGacgattgtggctggatttac
>ECK125136519_selUp4_reverse_531358_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attgagtctggcatggcgcaaatttggcagcggcaaagcggtagaagatattgtgaccttGtttacccagcgcaggccgga
>ECK120010267_serAp1_reverse_3058456_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
tcaacatcgcgacgcaaacgttcatattgccgcaatattattttttgatatgttgaaaggCggatgcaaatccgcacacaa
>ECK120009926_serAp2_reverse_3058549_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
gtgtcacgcttttaccaggcaattgtcgattgctctaaataaatcctctaaaccagcataTtcatccaagaattacctttg
>ECK120010763_serCp_forward_957595_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttactcattgcgatgtgtgtcactgaatgataaaaccgatagccacaggaataatgtattAcctgtggtcgcaatcgattg
>ECK120010606_serTp_reverse_1031719_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttcaggcaaacaaacaaattaggggtttacacgccgcatcgggatgtttatagtgcgcgTcattccggaagtgtggccga
>ECK120010610_serUp_reverse_2043562_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
caaaattgcacggacagggactgttaaaatgccaaatttcctggcatcatggcaaccatcTgaacggagagatgccggagc
>ECK120010612_serVp_reverse_2818697_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ataaaagtgtaggaaaaattgtttgacttataagtctcagaaagtaatatgtgcgccacgCagcgacgatgagcgataaac
>ECK120010605_serWp_reverse_926007_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
caataattatcattaaaattcttcttgaccgttttactccaactccctatagtagcgcccCgttgccacccatgaggtttg
>ECK120010607_serXp_reverse_1097676_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gcgattttttcaaaaagtttgttgacctcaggtcatgatttccctaaattagcgcccgttCcagcaagacaggaacgacaa
>ECK125137272_setBp2_forward_2263713_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtttgatgtgctgcacaattttttgccatttttcctaattgctgatgggaaaatccgttAtcagcaatttcatttcagca
>ECK125137273_setBp3_forward_2263836_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attcgtggcgcttttgatttcgctgtctgtttattttctgacaagcagcgtaaactccgcGtcttcctcttccagtgatcg
>ECK125137889_setCp10_forward_3836768_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaaatcaacttgttttatttttactatcaaaaatagctcattgccttactataattaatAtataaattcggtaattaatt
>ECK125137890_setCp12_forward_3836877_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgctggccctataatattgcgctagcattgctttctggttgtatcagcgatactcaaaaAttcttaatacaatactcatt
>ECK125137891_setCp13_forward_3836838_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggtaattaattcttaacatgcttttactaataatctcaattgctggccctataatattgcGctagcattgctttctggttg
>ECK125136528_sfmAp4_forward_558062_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatttaccgcttcaggtctatatttgtgttgaatatattttgcgcggaagtattcatctaAcggggctctctattttttag
>ECK125136529_sfmAp6_forward_558166_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agacattcttagaggataaaaaggaatttactactatcagtgtcttaaataaagtaatcgGttatatacggatgtggagtc
>ECK125136530_sfmCp4_forward_558807_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgaataatcaaaaccacgttgttttgaattatatatcacgtcttataacaaagtaatgtAccggttgtctgaagcggtat
>ECK120010937_sfsAp_reverse_161515_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
accctttacgcctcctcgtttgcccgtggacgcacacgctacacgccgctaaaacgctggGcgctaacgcaataacaagga
>ECK125137691_sfsBp2_forward_3334796_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacacttattcagctctataacacctgaaaaatagggatgtgcatctttatatattctgaAtattcacactctttacagga
>ECK125137692_sfsBp3_forward_3334855_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatattcacactctttacaggaactttttagagcaataggccatcaggagtatagtgatgCtcgacagaagaagtgttctg
>ECK120030789_sgrRp_reverse_77338_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aactgacgcatggggcacccccttgcttcatcgttaggaattattgacttaatatagggaAaataaaattgctgtcttttg
>ECK125140845_shiAp_forward_2053566_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttgccgctaatcagccataaaatcatttgcagatgcgctctgtcgaggtagtctcataagGttcgtttatagatcgacggc
>ECK125137190_shiAp11_forward_2053534_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgcgctttcatcttccatcgaatttttcatgttgccgctaatcagccataaaatcatttGcagatgcgctctgtcgaggt
>ECK120032972_shoBp_reverse_2700291_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acaccatgccacagaattcccccattgaaacgagtggtgtcgtcaaagctctggtgtggaGtgcagcatgcaccctcaata
>ECK120035119_sibAp_forward_2153311_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctcgcaagaacggagagccgtcgattgacactaagggcggagtgacataatttcaggagtGagggttagggagaggtttcc
>ECK120035123_sibBp_forward_2153646_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atcgcagactacaaagcctgcggattgacaatcttatcgtgaaggcatactttcaggagtGagggtagagcggggtttccc
>ECK120035120_sibDp_reverse_3194865_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
agggatatgtgttaatgaaaccttcttgacgctgattttttttcaacctaaagtaaaggaAcaagggtgagggaggatttc
>ECK120035121_sibEp_reverse_3195240_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tctcgcttcgtacatggcaggcctattgacgctgttgttttttcaacctagagtaaaggaAcaagggtaagggaggatttc
>ECK120009971_sixAp_reverse_2456999_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
cgtggggaaagtttttggaaaacaactgcaactgacctgcaataagaaggtcaaagctatAtgaatccgcgctgaatggcg
>ECK120010164_slpp_forward_3653936_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tatcaggcatatcacctcagaatcagatgaaaactataaagaaatatctattatggttttAatatttgttgataaggatag
>ECK125137028_slyAp10_reverse_1721014_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacaccagatcttgtaagggcaatcctgttgcattgagcataaacttcacaaagtagattCctttacgaccgaatatattg
>ECK125137029_slyAp13_reverse_1720849_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atacatttgttttagcaatacaattgctgcacactattctaaaagccgcataatatcttaGcaagctaattataaggagat
>ECK125137746_slyDp6_reverse_3478699_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaatgcccggcctgtcaggcgcaggattcaatggcgatgtggcgcgaaaataatattgatAttgttgaatgtgttaagtgc
>ECK125137444_smpBp5_forward_2754767_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tccggctaatctgaggcataacaatttccatcaacaaaaatccaacaaataatatcatttAtcctgctgtaaaaaaaacgc
>ECK125137344_smrBp6_forward_2448436_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagcgcaacatgtcctgaatggtttgcagctcatttactgcttcatcaacgaaaattttaTccacgtattcctccagggca
>ECK120011020_sodAp_forward_4100759_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tacgaaaagtacggcattgataatcattttcaatatcatttaattaactataatgaaccaActgcttacgcggcattaaca
>ECK120010327_sodBp_forward_1735323_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
ttgttacggcaacagggtaagttcatcttttgtctcaccttttaatttgctaccctatccAtacgcacaataaggctattg
>ECK120033253_sohAp_forward_3276972_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
agcccccacgtccattaataatgcatttgcattaccttagttcaagcttataatttgagcAgaaaacaggctgtaaaagga
>ECK120009846_sohBp1_forward_1329284_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaatggatactttgtcatactttcgctgcaataacatctctgcgagacggcttaacatgcCtgttgtaaactgtgagccaa
>ECK120009847_sohBp2_forward_1329301_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tactttcgctgcaataacatctctgcgagacggcttaacatgcctgttgtaaactgtgagCcaaagcgttgtttaaccaag
>ECK125229302_sokBp_forward_1492119_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ggttgtgcttcatagcctttctccttgccggatggcgggtaagaggctaagatctgaattGctaggttcattcgttggcct
>ECK120010549_soxRp_forward_4277447_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tctgcctcttttcagtgttcagttcgttaattcatctgttggggagtataattcctcaagTtaacttgaggtaaagcgatt
>ECK120010254_speAp_reverse_3086048_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttctcgtggtttcgccgaactttcacacttacgttcggttatgtgcttaataatgttatgAaaaagaaaccggttgcgcag
>ECK120010427_spfp_forward_4049899_[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ctgaaaaaaaattacaaaaagtgctttctgaactgaacaaaaaagagtaaagttagtcgcGtagggtacagaggtaagatg
>ECK125137084_sppAp6_forward_1848711_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgatcaatagttcgagtgcatccatttgattaactcctgtcgtgatatttattcacaaaAttaacacgagagtggatttt
>ECK120016587_spyp_reverse_1825688_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acactttcattgttttaccgttgctctgattaattgacgctaaagtcagtaaagttaatcTcgtcaacacggcacgctact
>ECK120010196_srlAp_forward_2825791_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atctttcattttgcgatcaaaataacacttttaaatctttcaatctgattagattaggttGccgtttggtaataaaacaat
>ECK125137424_srmBp4_forward_2712876_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cccgagaagcgatatccatacaaacagatgaagattgcagccgtaacgtctataatcagcGccccacacagaggtagaaca
>ECK120010444_ssbp1_forward_4274092_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaccgaggtcacaacatagtaaaagcgctattggtaatggtacaatcgcgcgtttacactTattcagaacgatttttttca
>ECK120011021_ssbp3_forward_4274011_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
attgacctgaatgaatatacagtattggaatgcattacccggagtgttgtgtaacaatgtCtggccaggtttgtttcccgg
>ECK125162185_ssnAp_forward_3018950_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcgctcagttctgtccgtggaacggtaaaccgtacaaagacaaaatcaccgtcttcagccTggcgcaagactttgataaca
>ECK125158028_ssrAp_forward_2755586_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttaacgataacgccattgaggctggtcatggcgctcataaatctggtatacttacctttAcacattggggctgattctgg
>ECK125137445_ssrAp2_forward_2755507_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attggctatcacatccgacacaaatgttgccatcccattgcttaatcgaataaaaatcagGctacatgggtgctaaatctt
>ECK120034944_ssrSp1_forward_3055974_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cgaaaaaactaaccaaaactttgaatgacacttttcggtttactgtggtagagtaaccgtGaagacaaaatttctctgaga
>ECK125136692_ssuBp3_reverse_994141_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggcgatgaatgcgcgggagtttttgcaaacggacgtggtggtagtcgctattattctttAcgccctgctcggcaaactgg
>ECK120010638_ssuEp_reverse_997563_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cagaaaaagatacacaaaatttatatttggaattttcttgtctctccgacagactgaccgAattgttatcaatgttaacaa
>ECK120010481_stpAp1_reverse_2798536_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gactgtaaatagattaaattttgtggaaatataataagtgatcgcttacactacgcgacgAaatactttttttgttttggc
>ECK120010482_stpAp2_reverse_2798556_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gctgaaataatctcgcgcaggactgtaaatagattaaattttgtggaaatataataagtgAtcgcttacactacgcgacga
>ECK120009938_sufAp_reverse_1764418_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
acggtaaagcccctgcgtttgctgggttgaactgataatcattatcactaacatgctgttAtacgctgaaagcgatgaagt
>ECK125137049_sufEp3_reverse_1759481_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacaaaacaggcttggcgttattgcttttaatctcggtaaacaccacgcctatgatgttgGcagttttctcgataattacg
>ECK120010143_sulAp_reverse_1020947_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Confirmed
cgaggctctttccgaaaatagggttgatctttgttgtcactggatgtactgtacatccatAcagtaactcacaggggctgg
>ECK120033212_surEp2_reverse_2870686_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gatcgcaataaacggagtttttggttgtcggcagcccgcagtgcgttgtttaatcagattGttgctgagcgcctcaaaaaa
>ECK125199580_sutRp_forward_1506150_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtgcgttatagcgtacaggcaccgtagcatttgtccgttataacgcacaagtgataaactTccgttttgccggaggagtcg
>ECK125203410_sxyp_forward_1021083_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gtgacgggaaaacataaattaatcttgccccttaagaataagttgcctattttcgtagttAacggatccgttaatgtgaat
>ECK120032969_symEp_reverse_4579917_[TAS|W|Traceable author statement],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttgcccattttattctatttttagctggactttccccatatttactgatgatatatacagGtatttagcgcggtgcggatg
>ECK120032970_symRp_forward_4579835_[TAS|W|Traceable author statement],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atgacggttatttgccggggagacttctgcttcgaacggttgtgcaatagaatgcgtgtcAgtcataactgctattctcca
>ECK125138059_tabAp4_forward_4474834_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataattcacgcgttaaggctagcggaattgattatcttttcgtataacgatagaaatgaaAcgttgttttaattaaggagt
>ECK125137504_tasp4_forward_2971569_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctggccttaagatttttctctttcccttttcccttccctctgccatttttatattccttAtgtcgtgattataaaaagga
>ECK125137937_tatAp1_forward_4021909_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tggcgcaaaacacgctgattttttcatcgctcaaggcgggccgtgtaacgtataatgcggCtttgtttaatcatcatctac
>ECK125136567_tatEp3_forward_658871_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tattatgatgtttttttactcggcgcttgattcaccttgttacagattgctattgtgtgcGcgcgtcgaatgaccgttaat
>ECK125137658_tdcGp2_reverse_3259826_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgtgtttatcaccgatctgaatgattttgccaccatcaacgaagtctataagcagttcttCgatgagcatcaggcgaccta
>ECK125137659_tdcRp4_forward_3267221_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttccagagtatcgttattacaattaaatacctttaaatatcaacaagttaaagtataaaAatcagcataaaccctgattt
>ECK125137661_tdcRp6_forward_3267190_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgcgaccactcacaaattaactttcaatactttccagagtatcgttattacaattaaatAcctttaaatatcaacaagtt
>ECK125136838_tdkp8_forward_1293493_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacccacttctgtgcatactgttgagctgaaaaactgacgaattatgataaactccagccAactttatttcatatcattga
>ECK125136362_thiQp2_reverse_73085_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgtccactggcgcaggcgctggcctttgcatgcgtgctgtcgattggtgattttggcgtGgtggcgttgttcggtaacga
>ECK120010236_thrLp_forward_148_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gccgtgagtaaattaaaattttattgacttaggtcactaaatactttaaccaatataggcAtagcgcacagacagataaaa
>ECK120010601_thrUp_forward_4175381_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaaacaaattatgcaattttttagttgcatgaactcgcatgtctccatagaatgcgcgctActtgatgccgacttagctca
>ECK120010587_thrWp_forward_262841_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gccatttgattcacaaggccattgacgcatcgcccggttagttttaaccttgtccaccgtGattcacgttcgtgaacatgt
>ECK125230252_thyAp_reverse_2965254_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gttgagtttttccgccagcccgacgcgcagtttaccggtgcctgggtgcagtacatcagcAtggggcaaattctttccatc
>ECK120027940_tigp_forward_454994_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
acgcgacagcgcgcaataaccgttctcgactcataaaagtgatgccgctataatgccgcgTcctatttgaatgctttcggg
>ECK120010157_tnaCp_forward_3888411_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cgattcacatttaaacaatttcagaatagacaaaaactctgagtgtaataatgtagcctcGtgtcttgcgaggataagtgc
>ECK125136616_tolBp6_forward_777537_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacctgaaggtggcgatcccgcactttgtcaggctgcgttggcagcagctaaacttgcgaAgatcccgaaaccaccaagcc
>ECK120029860_tomBp1_reverse_480794_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
attgtaatttttcgtaataatgcgatgaaaacctgcaaagagtggcttatagttaagctaAcaaacgagagggcaagtcca
>ECK120010225_tonBp_forward_1311054_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttcactgatcctgatcgtcttgccttattgaatatgattgctatttgcatttaaaatcgaGacctggtttttctactgaaa
>ECK120010492_topAp2_forward_1330883_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
cgtcaatctggcaatagatttgcttgacattcgaccaaaattccgtcgtgctatagcgccTgtaggccaagacctgttaac
>ECK120010493_topAp3_forward_1330848_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
cgtatcggattttatcaggtacagtgtgacgctttcgtcaatctggcaatagatttgcttGacattcgaccaaaattccgt
>ECK120010494_topAp4_forward_1330818_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aactttggattttgcatgctaataaagttgcgtatcggattttatcaggtacagtgtgacGctttcgtcaatctggcaata
>ECK120010495_topAp5_forward_1330789_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cacgctggtggcaagagcgccttactggcaactttggattttgcatgctaataaagttgcGtatcggattttatcaggtac
>ECK120010262_torCp_forward_1058056_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gccgtaagccgttcatcctgaccagtgccgctgttcatatttgctcattaagatcgcttcActaaaccataattctacagg
>ECK120010637_torRp_reverse_1057984_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aatgagcaaatatgaacagcggcactggtcaggatgaacggcttacggcagaatatgaacAgatatgaacagaatgagtaa
>ECK125136720_torSp5_reverse_1056182_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaggctttatgctagatgcattccgctttgcgactcaacctttttcacctaaagtgcaccGaccgtgaatttaaccctgac
>ECK120034354_tpiAp2_reverse_4111569_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ggtttgaataaatgacaaaaagcaaagcctttgtgccgatgaatctctatactgtttcacAgacctgctgccctgcggggc
>ECK120020514_tppBp_forward_1712671_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tatatgtaacagattattacaaaggacttgtctgaaagtgcaagatagtgaacattacctGccgtttcccctcccactata
>ECK125136833_tprp1_reverse_1287188_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caccatcactttcaaaagtccctgaacttcccaacgaatccgcaattaaatattctgcccAtgcggggaaggatgagaagc
>ECK120010683_tpxp_reverse_1388844_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
ctgcggattaagcgcaaatagcgtttgctgtgttattgacagttagcataaactaggtgtGacgttaactatatgtaaaca
>ECK120010263_treBp_reverse_4466210_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcgctgcgtttcgggaacgttcccgtttttaaatttttccgcgcaatatattctgcagccAaccaaaaatgtcatctgcca
>ECK120010485_treRp1_reverse_4467271_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aacgataaaccagactttacccattgctgaatgcacgggtaacgttaggctcaaataattAaacaacacgttacaggacaa
>ECK120009933_treRp4_reverse_4467347_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
gcgccgcaaataataaggagaatccaataatattcgtagcatctatggcgatataataccTgctgacaactaaaccaacga
>ECK125136897_trkGp1_forward_1423741_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcataaggaacagtgaagtaagatctaagaggagttaaattttatacagtataatcataAtattgcagcaaggtggttat
>ECK125136898_trkGp7_forward_1423671_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcagcaatacataaccgagcagtgtttaaagtaaaatcttaactacaatatgattcatttTgatgattgtttcataaggaa
>ECK125136848_trpAp4_reverse_1317303_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctcccacgccctggcccatgcgttgaaaatgatgcgcgaaaacccggataaagagcagctActggtggttaacctttccgg
>ECK120010323_trpCp_reverse_1319944_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcaggcggaacaccggaagaaaaccgtgacattttaacacgtttgttacaaggtaaaggcGacgccgcccatgaagcagcc
>ECK120010144_trpLp_reverse_1323108_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tggcaaatattctgaaatgagctgttgacaattaatcatcgaactagttaactagtacgcAagttcacgtaaaaagggtat
>ECK120011022_trpRp_forward_4632704_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting]_Confirmed
gccacggaatggggacgtcgttactgatccgcacgtttatgatatgctatcgtactctttAgcgagtacaaccgggggagg
>ECK120026305_trpSp_reverse_3513697_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ctacggatataactacggcgaggctatcgatctcagccagcctgatgtaatttatcagtcTataaatgaccttctgcccgc
>ECK120010423_trxAp1_forward_3965647_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcgaagtcggaaaacttctgttctgttaaatgtgttttgctcatagtgtggtagaatatcAgcttactattgctttacgaa
>ECK120010424_trxAp2_forward_3965687_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcatagtgtggtagaatatcagcttactattgctttacgaaagcgtatccggtgaaataaAgtcaacctttagttggttaa
>ECK120009945_trxCp_forward_2718675_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atcatacctattgaataaaacagattgttgtctggaacaatgtccccgataatatgtaacAtattagaaacataccggcgt
>ECK125137624_tsaDp2_reverse_3210628_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttgtaaagcaccgcggccttttttgaaagggacttttataagggtgaggagtatacacgAggctttctccaggggcgaac
>ECK125137625_tsaDp3_reverse_3210568_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aggctttctccaggggcgaacaaagttttacatcaacccgcattggtcctacactgcgcgGtaataaagcgaggtaaaaca
>ECK120015954_tsrp1_forward_4591412_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
aattgaccgctatcctgtagtgatgttgccagagttacgcgcgcgtaaagtaaggtaaatAactgagtggttattttaggg
>ECK120010294_tsxp1_reverse_432245_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttcgggacgattttgtgcgtcccgcaacatctttccccgtcattttgttactctgcttacAtcacctggattgatagtaaa
>ECK120010293_tsxp2_reverse_432091_[IHBCE|W|Inferred by a human based on computational evidence],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaatgatagaactgtgaaacgaaacatatttttgtgagcaatgatttttataataggctcCtctgtatacgaaatatttag
>ECK125136885_ttcAp5_reverse_1411985_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catgaacgacgaacagatagccatgttgaatgcgcggttatcgtagttgcaaagtttgccCccaatttgccccatttagta
>ECK125109141_ttdAp_forward_3206424_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
taattacatattcacggtggcaaaaaatataaaaccacatttttagtggtagtttgtggcGgtgaatttttccagacaaat
>ECK120033678_tufAp1_reverse_3471724_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
tctgcacttcggttcttaccatgacgttgactcctctgaactggcgtttaaactggctgcTtctatcgcctttaaagaagg
>ECK125135013_tufAp2_reverse_3471583_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ggaagagaacaccggtgacgttatcggtgacttgagccgtcgtcgtggtatgctcaaaggTcaggaatctgaagttactgg
>ECK125137801_tusAp7_reverse_3609020_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aattttcacgcaatcgttaacctagtttgcttacggactcacagggcgtaaactagcgccGtttttttaagtgatgagaag
>ECK125095202_tynAp_reverse_1451498_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
atttcactaagttttgtgacgttgtcacattatgcatgatgtgtacatctattttcagggCatccactgtatgaaaagctg
>ECK125162184_tynAp1_reverse_1451409_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gccaaacaacctggcaggtgcaggcaatcccctttgcatcagtactgataatgtgaacctGactaaaccgcccacagagcg
>ECK125137947_typAp6_forward_4058380_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gtttgcggaggatgtttgtgatcctgttttgtagtgcgattaatccgtgtacaataacgcGctatttctaatgcctgaggc
>ECK120011029_tyrBp_forward_4267082_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[CV(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)|C|cross validation(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)],[FP|S|Footprinting],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Confirmed
ttgccgttcgctcctgaacatccactcgatcttcgccttcttccggtttattgtgttttaAccacctgcccgtaaacctgg
>ECK120010158_tyrPp1_forward_1989645_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttacaccatatgtaacgtcggtttgacgaagcagccgttatgccttaacctgcgccgcagAtatcactcataaagatcgtc
>ECK120010145_tyrRp_forward_1386692_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgtcaatgattgttgacagaaaccttcctgctatccaaatagtgtcatatcatcatattaAttgttcttttttcaggtgaa
>ECK120010608_tyrTp_reverse_1287665_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Confirmed
cagttcatttttctcaacgtaacactttacagcggcgcgtcatttgatatgatgcgccccGcttcccgataagggagcagg
>ECK120010086_ubiCp_forward_4252443_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttttaccacttcatgcgattgttgcgtttttgttgcgtattagatcacttaatttgctttAcatctcccgtaaacactttt
>ECK125137940_ubiDp8_forward_4024809_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctgtctttcgaggtgttcctgggcacgttgaagttgcccgcgcttgcagtacagtaaatAccaggattgcataatgactc
>ECK125137941_ubiDp9_forward_4024970_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agagttcacgctaatttaacaaatttacagcatcgcaaagatgaacgccgtataatgggcGcagattaagaggctacaatg
>ECK125137935_ubiEp2_forward_4018751_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcggttccggagcagccgaatgatgaagcttatcaacgcgatgatgaatataatcagcaGtcgcgctagcccattgggag
>ECK120010190_ubiGp_forward_2339539_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gcgcagtttgaggtaaacctatacgctttattcacatccaatgcctgatatactcgtttgTcttgccaattacggagtaga
>ECK120010197_udpP_forward_4016391_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atttgcgtcatggtgatgagtatcacgaaaaaatgttaaacccttcggtaaagtgtctttTtgcttcttctgactaaaccg
>ECK125137209_ugdp9_reverse_2099735_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcttatagactaaatttcactgcttaatattaacttaataaatatcagctattcttataaAgaaaatctgaattgtttttc
>ECK120010395_ugpBp1_reverse_3592378_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tatcttacaaatgtaacaaaaaagttatttttctgtaattcgagcatgtcatgttaccccGcgagcataaaacgcgtgaat
>ECK120010396_ugpBp2_reverse_3592426_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttccctcacccacgccgtcaccgccttgtcatctttctgacaccttactatcttacaaatGtaacaaaaaagttatttttc
>ECK120010193_uhpTp_reverse_3847198_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccaggttttgcctggacgctatctcaggcctgatttgctgctgatttttacaatgcatgcCtcacgcaggtattcatttca
>ECK125137019_uidCp5_reverse_1692988_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcacatcaattgccttagtaccttgcggatttatgctactggcattcgttattatctggTtttatccgctcacggataaa
>ECK125137020_uidCp6_reverse_1693006_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaagttattatgggcatccgcacatcaattgccttagtaccttgcggatttatgctactgGcattcgttattatctggttt
>ECK120010065_uidRp_reverse_1697075_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gccttcgcactattcaacagcaatgataggcgctcacctgacaacgcggtaaactagttaTtcacgctaactataatggtt
>ECK120010067_ulaAp_forward_4419927_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcgtcacatttaatcataaataatcttgttgtgattacttttgaaaattagagtgagtgcAcaacattccgggtgtgtgga
>ECK120010238_umuDp_forward_1230738_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gacaaatattgatagcctgaatcagtattgatctgctggcaagaacagactactgtatatAaaaacagtataacttcaggc
>ECK120010532_uppp_reverse_2620909_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttttgactaaagtcaacgaaaagaatattgccgccttgaagaaaggaggtataatccgtcGattttttttgtggctgcccc
>ECK120010398_uspAp1_forward_3639983_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttatctaacgagtaagcaaggcggattgacggatcatccgggtcgctataaggtaaggaTggtcttaacactgaatcttt
>ECK125137157_uspCp2_forward_1979598_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacatatattaaccacttgtttaatgcggagaatcagtacactattttcttataattacaTttgaaattatatgatcaccg
>ECK125137158_uspCp4_forward_1979668_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatgatcaccgggagtgattgattaattatctttactaataatcagactaatatttacctGtttgaccgagttgggattgc
>ECK125137160_uspCp6_forward_1979619_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taatgcggagaatcagtacactattttcttataattacatttgaaattatatgatcaccgGgagtgattgattaattatct
>ECK120011023_uvrAp_reverse_4273936_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cactccgggtaatgcattccaatactgtatattcattcaggtcaatttgtgtcataattaAccgtttgtgatcgccggtag
>ECK120048891_uvrBp1_forward_813493_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
actgtttttttatccagtataatttgttggcataattaagtacgacgagtaaaattacatAcctgcccgcccaactccttc
>ECK120011024_uvrBp2_forward_813462_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttacgctgtatcagaaatattatggtgatgaactgtttttttatccagtataatttgttgGcataattaagtacgacgagt
>ECK120010306_uvrBp3_forward_813152_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aggggctggagacagttatccactattcctgtggataaccatgtgtattagagttagaaaAcacgaggcaagcgagagaat
>ECK120010343_uvrCp3_reverse_1994879_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gaaaaaacagaaagcccatttgccagtttgtctgaacgtgaattgcagattatgctgatgAtcaccaagggccagaaggtc
>ECK120010146_uvrDp1_forward_3997907_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tactgccgcatctggaaatttcccggttggcatctctgacctcgctgatataatcagcaaAtctgtatatatacccagctt
>ECK120010344_uvrYp2_reverse_1995406_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaaatcgaatacccaccatttttaacgtttcaaagttgcaataaaaaccgctaatatacgAatgactaactatcagtagcg
>ECK125134713_uxaBp_reverse_1610720_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
catcaggagttgatcaaaacaggggttcggcgtattaaagtttgctaacctgtcgtaccaAttcaaacaggttgtatgact
>ECK120010060_uxaBp2_reverse_1610737_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
taaaactgctcattaatcatcaggagttgatcaaaacaggggttcggcgtattaaagtttGctaacctgtcgtaccaattc
>ECK120010059_uxaCp_reverse_3244857_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gcaaggccagtactggcgcggcctgcagcgagatttaccactttgagagtaatttttttaActacgtttattgatctaact
>ECK120010620_uxuAp_forward_4551518_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgtggttaaccaatttcagaattcgggttgacatgtcttaccaaaaggtagaacttatacGccatctcatccgatgcaacg
>ECK120010061_uxuRp_forward_4554458_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
actgatatttggttgaccagttttcgtttttttgcccacctgtacgtgccaacttccagtGctaatggtatagtttgagat
>ECK120010450_valSp1_reverse_4483927_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tctgcgaacaagctttgcagattttgccaccgctttcacagaagtggtagacttcgttccTtatgaagattctctgaaaca
>ECK120010596_valUp_forward_2520924_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
aacaatttctttagaaaatgcgttgactcattttgaactctccctataatgcgactccacAcagcgggggtgattagctca
>ECK120010590_valVp_forward_1746415_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agcgcagaaaattacgttttgcctcttgccaccttcccactctgccgctaatattcgtccCcgttgtcacctacaacgttg
>ECK120015161_waaAp1_forward_3808516_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttaagtcaaaaacgggaaaagtaatggtaaagccacagctaaatacatagaatccccagcAcatccataagtcagctattt
>ECK120015162_waaAp2_forward_3808256_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aggctcaacagctacctgaatactgataacgcacttactttgacgtgctagtgtatcattTctttcgcagcaatccgaccc
>ECK120015159_waaQp1_reverse_3808238_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
attttgtgtataaaaatcattcgggtcggattgctgcgaaagaaatgatacactagcacgTcaaagtaagtgcgttatcag
>ECK125137879_waaUp5_reverse_3799424_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataatttatcagatgatacagctatttcttacgatgtaattccatttattaaacttcaagAcatcagtgcagaagaatcaa
>ECK125137880_waaUp6_reverse_3799496_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taagtagggatttattcaaaatattgccattttttcgttttatgcatgataatgtaaaagAtattaatatttataatttat
>ECK120010257_wzap_reverse_2137583_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atagccaattaccgaattgttatcttgcctgctattccgttagctgtaacacttcctcctGcattattggaaagccaatat
>ECK125137223_wzxCp5_reverse_2120337_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcataacgaacagtatcgacagctcattgaaggctacatgctgcgccataaggtgaaaccGggcattaccggctgggcgca
>ECK125137887_xanPp4_forward_3828919_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatatttagatgaggatgtggcaaacgtttgcttttctctttcggtcagctaaaatgcccGctttgctaccacgggattgt
>ECK125137537_xanQp3_forward_3024260_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcttcggcggcctgtttctctgtttgaacgatgactaaatagtgactgcgaaaatgagatAagccgttctcaaggcgtcct
>ECK120010710_xapAp_reverse_2524910_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tattgaatgcgtgagaaaagtgtattggtaagagccgggacaacctcgctataaaaaggcGttagattccaccctacagaa
>ECK120010631_xapRp1_reverse_2522505_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtgtttatgtatgtcggatatctggtggtgaaatactttatgccatgataatttaatacgAtgtatttattatatggagca
>ECK120010632_xapRp2_reverse_2522563_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tacaatcgtgcgcttgcctattcctgtaccaaatgtattaccgggtatattatccattgtGtttatgtatgtcggatatct
>ECK120010731_xseAp_forward_2634197_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
catctacccctttttgcaaaaaatgcttgctatccccgaagggcgggttactatcgactgAataacctgctgatttagaat
>ECK120009912_xseBp_reverse_441373_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
cacatcaccttaccattgcgcgttatttgctatttgccctgagtccgttaccatgacgggGcgaaaaatattgagagtcag
>ECK125136346_yaaAp5_reverse_6615_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgctctcgcctgtggttcataccattgccagtgattatctacgccagcgtaaactcggcGtgcgcccggtgtttgatcca
>ECK125136349_yaaIp2_reverse_11938_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attttttgtgcttttgcgcagaaatttcgcgatatggcaggacaagacgtaaaattgacaGcaattttattcatataaaga
>ECK125136350_yaaIp3_reverse_11913_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcgcgatatggcaggacaagacgtaaaattgacagcaattttattcatataaagaatgaAtcgcagccaaggcattcatc
>ECK125136351_yaaIp4_reverse_11825_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtaataaaaagaaaagattacgtgcctgaatcttctctttatcagcagtaaactagtggGtattcatccccctacctctt
>ECK125136347_yaaJp4_reverse_8017_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caaaacctcatgtatgctacgcagaagttatcaagtacctcgtagcgtatatacttcttaAacaattggtaacgtttacac
>ECK125136344_yaaXp4_forward_5030_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgcccgccgattttgctgcgttgcgtaaattgatgatgaatcatcagtaaaatctattcAttatctcaatcaggccgggt
>ECK120015468_yacCp_reverse_136940_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gacacaatttaatcgacaataatggtcgtcgcctcgctcgcagtgtgctaacgtttatctTctttaagcccctggtagaag
>ECK125136370_yadDp3_forward_146898_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgccatgtatcgcctgtaacgaattgatatttctctgaacgctgctcggtaaacaataaaGaggtggctgacgatagcgcg
>ECK125136378_yadNp7_reverse_157055_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctaaccaattgcacttgtgaacttatttttacttaattttgaattaagtaaatttaatttGttcaaaagcttctaaagtgc
>ECK125136379_yadNp8_reverse_157031_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttttacttaattttgaattaagtaaatttaatttgttcaaaagcttctaaagtgcacaAtaggcgacctaatgaacaat
>ECK125136383_yadSp5_reverse_177786_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacgctcgccacaggcgattgtcattacaggcggaccggaccaaattcctaaaatcaaacAatactggggtgaacagctca
>ECK125136384_yadSp6_reverse_177700_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cccgttattcctctcacgagtgactggtttgaacgtgcaagcccacgtattatcctcgctGcacaacagctctgtaatgcg
>ECK120010497_yadVp1_reverse_156235_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttcaccagttaaattgattgaatgaatatacagggaataataatttctattttatattatTccctgttttaattaactcta
>ECK120010499_yadVp3_reverse_156214_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atgaatatacagggaataataatttctattttatattattccctgttttaattaactctaTcagggatggtttatgttttt
>ECK125136396_yaeQp6_forward_214195_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtcagcactctgacttaaccgtggatgcaagtctaagcctacgaagataaactctgtttCgcaaggtgactataccacac
>ECK125136394_yaeRp3_forward_211858_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagtcctaaaaatggcgggataacttgccagagcggcttccgggcgagtaacgtgctgttAacaaataaaggagacgttat
>ECK125136409_yafKp6_reverse_245993_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catgtcgaaccggactggatcctgatttacaaacttaccgataaacttttacgatttgagAgaactggaactcacgcggcg
>ECK120033681_yafNp_forward_251969_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
ttgcttgacccgcaaatggaaagacaactggtgctgggattatgatgtatactattatgtAtattctggtgtgcattatta
>ECK125136402_yafSp2_forward_234784_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcatcattcaaaacccagatgtaattgtcatcaaaggcgggaatactgttaagattcataGattacctctcagtgtgaaac
>ECK125136403_yafTp4_forward_237235_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcagcttaaatatatttctagagaataaatttatattgattaaatgaatgtatatttcaaAttgattttgtttgttattat
>ECK125136404_yafTp5_forward_237260_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaatttatattgattaaatgaatgtatatttcaaattgattttgtttgttattatttaaGtgaggtatataattagagtc
>ECK125136405_yafTp6_forward_237278_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgaatgtatatttcaaattgattttgtttgttattatttaagtgaggtatataattagaGtccgttatcaatgctaaata
>ECK125136422_yagEp3_forward_282223_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcactccctcttcccttccgatttacctctccttgttctgcgtcatagtatgatcgttaAataaacgaacgctgttctat
>ECK125136423_yagEp8_forward_282252_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctccttgttctgcgtcatagtatgatcgttaaataaacgaacgctgttctataatgtagaAcaaaatgattcagcaaggag
>ECK125136424_yagGp6_forward_285271_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acggctttgttgtttttgaaatttattaatttaaacaattagttgagatatatcgttggcGtcacaaaagcaaaataacgt
>ECK125136425_yagGp7_forward_285350_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtaattcggaaataagatatgaccattgctggttaattgaatagctcattacactccattAacacgatgttgtaattcggc
>ECK125136428_yagIp1_reverse_289192_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagagggagaacaccggctccatttcattgatttttcatcccgaaaaaggtacgttttcgCcttaattccagcgtggacat
>ECK125136429_yagKp6_reverse_293118_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caggctggggctaccttcgtctcaaatttagatgttggataggtattatataatggcattGtgtactcttactacctgtat
>ECK125136430_yagLp7_reverse_294031_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatccggttgtttgttggattgatatttaccatgtcaatgaaatggtggttatgctgccaGtgctccgcaaaacagatgtt
>ECK125136431_yagNp3_reverse_295660_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaaaacaacgttgatatgcgttgattccattaaaaatcaacatattacaaaatatcatcAactattgatcaagatagatt
>ECK120030665_yahAp1_forward_332039_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctatgtgtttatgagggagaggtattttcagttgatctggattgttaaattcatataatgCgcctttgctcatgaatggat
>ECK120030666_yahAp2_forward_331873_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay]_Strong
tttattgaatgttttaaatattgtttttattggcattgctataatattggttatcatttgCtgaatggattcagtcttaat
>ECK125136460_yahCp5_reverse_335068_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttgtttctttgacccgataccctttcactcaatcaggttttatttctctatagtctgcAcatgtaagagtagctttcgt
>ECK125136461_yahMp4_forward_345252_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgcagatgttttgtgaatgtgttggttgacattcatatgaaaaaaatcataattccatcAtgtttgtgtggggtcttttc
>ECK125136481_yaiIp6_forward_405708_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctcactcctgccgtgaaattcattgttttgataatcgctggcagaagcataaacagaactAtgccggaaggcaaaagcgcg
>ECK125136465_yaiOp4_reverse_380957_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gataaattaggttgttatatcgggcagcgttcacgccttggcgtacaagttattattttgCctgggcgaattatttccccg
>ECK125136470_yaiSp12_reverse_384701_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgaacccacgggtctgaaagcccttgcttttcagttattagcaacatttaacatttataAattaacatctggctgcgcca
>ECK125136472_yaiSp14_reverse_384830_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaacatattttttaaatgcaattaattgacaaactaaatcacatctaaatacaatgtataAaacaaaataactatacatac
>ECK125136476_yaiVp4_forward_394461_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttaaatatacctggtaatattcttcactccgaagaaatactggtaatttaatctaaataAtgcccgtcaaggatttgacg
>ECK125136477_yaiYp5_reverse_399460_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgtaattgttaataaatttaacttaaggttgccattttgtgactcacaacgaagattcacGcttcgggaatattcccaaca
>ECK125136478_yaiYp6_reverse_399547_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacaggcagattcatggcagctccgttaacgaaaaacaacatccttgcatattctgcaacAaccgtctgtggtgtagacaa
>ECK125136479_yaiZp6_forward_399444_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatggcaagtctgacaggtcatttagattgtcaatatcagaatcatggtaaattgatgttGggaatattcccgaagcgtga
>ECK125136485_yajDp5_forward_430530_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccgtaatcaagttcccgttgatgttgaaaatcccggtcagaagatcgggattttttttgAtgtatggagattgcgaaaat
>ECK125203430_yajGp_reverse_454210_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
catgatgaatttacatgccttacccacttcccctcgccgttggcaatgttatgatggcggGaatttttaccaaacacgctt
>ECK125136502_ybaNp6_forward_490873_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gataagacctcaatgaaaatgataattgttatgctaaagtagccactctgtaagctgacaAcactcaatatgcaacgaatc
>ECK120034940_ybaOp_forward_468352_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tgccgtggtgtttaaaccgcacagaataaattgtcgtgatttcacctttaaaataaaattAaaagagaaaaaaattctctg
>ECK125136510_ybaPp3_reverse_508262_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgcagcaactctgctaactcattgattttcaaatcgagcggttccagatattcatagagAagaatatctccgggtgtcgt
>ECK125136513_ybaQp3_forward_508174_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcggtgagggatggcgcaaatggagttggagacttgtttaatgtgtttgtatgattcagtAtgttcttgcatcgctattca
>ECK125136493_ybaVp3_forward_463752_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cccagaacaacgcacaaatcgtctttgaagctctgatgagtaacctgcgtaaagaggcgaAaatcaaaattggcgatgcgc
>ECK125136516_ybbLp6_forward_515892_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
attatacctgattactgaaagagagttcccccttattcctgcgaaggataaactgtttttAgtaaaaatcagaaaaaggga
>ECK125136517_ybbOp4_reverse_519329_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgaaccattgttaatgcaaatacgtctgcctgcaaactatggtcgccgttataatgaagCctttagcgccatttacccca
>ECK125136523_ybcIp5_reverse_556632_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgcaggtcacagcgtacaggttgttgcctgatccctttcccggcctgtatcaacaggccGgttctcttttcagacttttg
>ECK125136524_ybcJp3_reverse_556967_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaagttgtgggcgacgtcgtgtttgaagacgcggctaaacgcgcctcatacattacgcctGttcccggcggcgttggcccg
>ECK125136525_ybcJp4_reverse_556891_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcccgatgacggttgccacgctgattgaaaacacgctacaggcgtgcgttgaatatcatgAtccacaggatgagtaacatg
>ECK125136527_ybcJp7_reverse_557025_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggatcaaagaaggcgcaattgtgattgatgtcggcatcaaccgtctggaaaatggcaaAgttgtgggcgacgtcgtgtt
>ECK125136535_ybcKp5_forward_568810_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgctttcaagattatggcgtaagaaaattgcaatacgattattgttgtatattcaagataAtgtgaccttaattgtctttt
>ECK125136536_ybcKp7_forward_568751_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttatatgagcctcgttttatgctttttgttaatgtctttattttttatgtattcttttgtGctttcaagattatggcgtaa
>ECK125136537_ybcLp2_forward_570847_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgggggtacaattgtgattgcttttgcatgaacattgcgcctttatgcataatgagataaAggaatatcaaataaaataac
>ECK125136539_ybcNp5_forward_572319_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaagaaggagcaattctatcgattttgattttgggaaatcaacacggcataattatgtcAccggagcctgaacaactccg
>ECK125136544_ybcWp7_forward_579844_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatgtatgtaaggccaacgtgctcaaaccttcatacagaaagatttgaagtaatattttaAccgctagatgaagagcaagc
>ECK125136557_ybdHp7_reverse_633524_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttattgtacctgacgaagttgcgtgttgaaggcactataacacgatgctagtatttggcAatcaagacgtttagatgtct
>ECK125136547_ybdJp2_reverse_606405_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctaacggaagataccttgcgattgctggaaaaaatcgccccttccgcacataaaattggtGcatcgagcgcgattgaggcc
>ECK125136549_ybdJp4_reverse_606223_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatctgggccggtgactaagccgggaattgccttacagaagaatatccctgacaatggtgTtttaacttacatttaacaat
>ECK125095188_ybdNp_reverse_636686_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
atttattgaccgtctaaatgagagtttttgatatataactacagacagctactataacttTcatctatttattcacagcgc
>ECK125136560_ybdRp6_forward_641922_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atacataaccctttctccctgttaatcatgaacaaatcattcgccatgattataatatttAtccctgatatttgtctggtt
>ECK125136568_ybeFp4_reverse_661460_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccttgctccgtaactcaccccattgattaacctattgaaatagttgattatggtgagcaAaagcgttccgttccaattag
>ECK125136569_ybeFp5_reverse_661545_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcattactcataatatctgctaatgctttacatctccttcgcgtttgtatattttctttAtcacttgcagaaatgcggtg
>ECK125136571_ybeFp7_reverse_661386_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caattagacataagattattgtaattttttaaatattatttttccatgaataaaattggaGtaagtgcgtggatagtaata
>ECK125136584_ybeQp11_reverse_676700_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tccatcggagtggaaagtgcaaacaatattttttgcgactccatgtccatataatttatcCttaaatattcattaaatgaa
>ECK125136585_ybeQp12_reverse_676611_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcattgcgaggctcgtttatttatacttttctgacgcgacataatacgcataaaataaggCttacgcaaaaatggaacaca
>ECK125136581_ybeQp5_reverse_676572_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cataatacgcataaaataaggcttacgcaaaaatggaacacataaaaatataatatgtttTatctgcaaccataaggaaat
>ECK125136582_ybeQp8_reverse_676639_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaaatattcattaaatgaatattagccgcattgcgaggctcgtttatttatacttttctGacgcgacataatacgcataa
>ECK125136586_ybeRp5_forward_676590_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acttgacgtgaaaatcattatcatttccttatggttgcagataaaacatattatatttttAtgtgttccatttttgcgtaa
>ECK125136589_ybeTp8_reverse_679416_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctacttttttattattgatgagtataaacttgacgctttcaaaataaaaagaaaatcgaaGcattcacacatgaataaaaa
>ECK125136613_ybgCp5_forward_774709_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttttacgctcccttaacttgccctcattcccaaacctcaatcgcgcgcgtatagtagcaGcgtttaaaagctctaacttt
>ECK125136608_ybgOp3_reverse_749185_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caggtcagccagcagggcaaccaactgacactgaaaaatcctaccgcgtattatctgaccAttgcctatctggggagaaat
>ECK125136621_ybgSp5_reverse_785373_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gattctctgctgcgtttcataacctggctgaaatcttaaaccaatgccttatattcacctGcaaatgcactgttggaagag
>ECK125136622_ybgSp7_reverse_785465_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggaattagcaagaaaaacgccagattgtcgcgaaaaacgagatctctcctacaatttctaActgtaactcctttgtttgtt
>ECK125136626_ybhAp10_reverse_798537_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtttgcttcatgaatgctcctttgcatttagcaactgactgtaacagctaaaattagtcGcttttggcggtgaatgctga
>ECK125136625_ybhAp6_reverse_798592_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catgattcagattccagacgtgaatttgctggctctcagggctggcgatataaactgtttGcttcatgaatgctcctttgc
>ECK125136632_ybhBp2_reverse_808035_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctggatccggccttttggcaaactgatttacctgatgccgccctatattattctcccgcAacagttgcagcgtctgaccg
>ECK125136628_ybhDp2_reverse_800709_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttttttcataataatgccctcaatttaaaaacataacttattgcgatatggttacattAagggcaaagcatctctaatg
>ECK125136629_ybhDp5_forward_800620_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataattcatgcttcattattactccggaaaatggaagcgacgattttgggtggctggccgTtaaaaattttaactgcattt
>ECK125136630_ybhHp7_forward_800694_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcatttagccaacttaaattaatgaaaaaatgttattaatcgttgagctaaagtcattaGagatgctttgcccttaatgt
>ECK125203420_ybhLp_forward_819858_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
agtacatacgtttacgctgcgtcgatgcacagcctcatcattttgcagtatccttaagatAttccttatatcttcaggaga
>ECK125136634_ybhMp7_forward_820778_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaagtattttgtatgcgtggttttaaatttattgatggtgaatattaatattttttctaAggataactaaaagaatggaa
>ECK125136643_ybiOp2_reverse_845509_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggaggcacaccagattcctctcatttaaaatcgcccctcctccagcatctatacttatctTtttgctctattttctcactg
>ECK125136652_ybiUp6_reverse_859106_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctgtacatcacatcaaatcattaaacttgcattaacttatttataacttatattgtcacAtgcaaatcagaatggtttcg
>ECK125136654_ybiVp5_reverse_860088_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgggctaaatcattcacatcatcaatttcatccttactttcattcgaaatataatttgtGctctgcgtcacattgttatt
>ECK120009922_ybjCp_forward_890892_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttaattgctaaaagctataactgttaaacacaatacagtgaaaagttttagactgaaggcTcactttgcagagggaagcgt
>ECK125136659_ybjLp10_reverse_889941_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tataggccaacgcaattcatatagccgttgatacctaatgtgattacactagtaaaatatAttgttactttactatcgttt
>ECK125136661_ybjMp4_forward_889940_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttttaccagaattcagggcgcagattcattcagcgcacctaaacgatagtaaagtaacaAtatattttactagtgtaatc
>ECK125136662_ybjMp8_forward_889885_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctaacttcttgtttactagtaagctgttgaaagaaatggtaatttacgataatgttttttAccagaattcagggcgcagat
>ECK125136664_ybjOp5_forward_897947_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaacagcggatacgcgacatccagcgtgcaagacgtggctgaagacactaaaatttgccAacctggctacataatgccgc
>ECK125136665_ybjSp3_reverse_906898_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtatgccggggctgttttactggttattgatgatccccgcgcatctgtttatttttcgcgGaatggcaaaacaaatcgcca
>ECK125136676_ycaDp6_forward_945839_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgctgggatatcgcgtattttcacccattgacaatgtttttggcggtggcatgatgcgcAtgaaatttgaacttcctcac
>ECK125136690_ycaIp7_forward_964238_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggaactggaagctgcctcgcagagttttgaacagttttcaccctttcgttaaattcttctGaatatgcctcggggaacgca
>ECK125136681_ycaKp3_forward_949547_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctaactcatcgcccgctgcacgaaagctttgattacgggccacggcaaagaaagtggcaaAgtcagacatattcatccgca
>ECK125136683_ycaKp5_forward_949643_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cattaactcatcctgaatcatcacgtttacaggattatgccgcctgcgtaaagtgcgctcCagaacttaacgtggaggtaa
>ECK125136686_ycaLp6_forward_960255_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tagcgtcgcttgtcaatgtaagttgttgatacataatatttatatatgattaatcaacggAtgattcacatgaagaatact
>ECK125136688_ycaLp9_forward_960238_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcattttgattaatggtagcgtcgcttgtcaatgtaagttgttgatacataatatttatAtatgattaatcaacggatga
>ECK125136677_ycaMp2_forward_947120_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcttttttgtttcttctatctgacttgctttattccaaattttattcgtttaaaaataaaAtgtgcagcaggttataattt
>ECK125136678_ycaMp3_forward_947145_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgctttattccaaattttattcgtttaaaaataaaatgtgcagcaggttataattttgcaTttcgctatttccgcacttct
>ECK120030645_ycaRp_forward_970642_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgattgccgcaccggctgggaaatagaccccgtcgcataaatgattatgataagatttatGcattcataacccgatccatc
>ECK125136697_ycbWp4_forward_1005890_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggttgttttatattcatcgctgttgcttatttagacattttgtacttttattgttgagGttattaagcgaagcgacaat
>ECK125136698_ycbWp6_forward_1005850_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aattcctctttataagataatcagggctttattttcagccctggttgttttatattcatcGctgttgcttatttagacatt
>ECK125136701_ycbZp4_reverse_1018460_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accgctttcaagattttcaagttgttgatatttcatagcgatctcaatgttaccgtgtaaCtctttacagaatatcagctt
>ECK120029861_yccAp_reverse_1031443_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtaaagatgggtaaaacttctgggtgcccttacgcattatcattatgctgcttaattaatTacatctgtcatagagagtga
>ECK125136702_yccSp2_reverse_1023994_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcgcacaatgtatttcaatcattggcattcctgtcggcattgcgaactttaaaattgccGctattgcactatggccggtt
>ECK125136704_yccTp5_reverse_1027797_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaatatgtctatatgttagtaagtatgattaaagaaaaattttgacacattattattcggGcggtcttttgacaggagcta
>ECK125136706_yccXp4_forward_1030061_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgtcattgtccggagttttccatggatttgcaacgcgtccattaaggataaggagagcaGcaatgtcgaaagtctgcata
>ECK125136707_yccXp5_forward_1029980_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgaagtaatgatttttcgcgccctttggctaacactaaacgtacactcataatttactttTctgtcgatgcaaagaaatgg
>ECK120035124_ycdTp_forward_1092841_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttgtttgtgggcggaatttcatattgacaacagtacagttcttatatctattaataatagAaagggatctacaacctacag
>ECK125136733_ycdZp4_forward_1100252_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taagtgtgatctacgtcactcataactgcaacggataatttgttgttgcataaaatgtgtGctcgatctcattcatggccg
>ECK125136751_yceFp6_forward_1146761_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacccgcaatgtgtgcgaattattggcaaaaggcaaccacaggctgcctttttctttgacTctatgacgttacaaagttaa
>ECK125136752_yceFp7_reverse_1146628_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgttcagtgctgataacaaacatcaacctgcaaaacgaagcgcatagtttaaaatggctAtcatcaatacgctatatctg
>ECK125136747_yceHp4_forward_1126077_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggtgatttactggcgcgactgggttttgaaaaagaaggctatgcgaaagactatctgttGattgatggacaatggcgcga
>ECK125136743_yceOp8_reverse_1119623_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcctgtacggcgctgcctgcacctatgataattcgcctgacgaagattttattatcgatAccctacccggccacgataat
>ECK125136750_yceQp6_forward_1144380_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacgcgcaactcttcctgctgagttgcgttgattaacattcttttcatcgtaacttactcAttattcttacattgacgact
>ECK125136774_ycfDp4_reverse_1188267_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aaagatgaataaatatgcccatacttcacgcattacgttaagcatccgttataatcggttGcagataccagcctgtggatg
>ECK125136761_ycfJp3_forward_1167407_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagtattaaccgcgttatccgtccgcgtttgaagttgcattaatcgacgtacactggcggAtgtggcataaacgcctcatc
>ECK120029862_ycfSp_reverse_1170417_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttacaaattctttgcacttccctgcactatccgacactgtcaccatccataattcaggctTatctgtttattacaataacc
>ECK125136811_ycgJp5_forward_1226478_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcattaaagaacagatacccgttatcttaatatccgccacagaattgctctatcatagaaAccgcagaagacgtctgatac
>ECK125136813_ycgNp3_forward_1228808_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgcctgaaagcggcggcaaaacttgcatcgctgtgccagactggttataaggtgcgtttTaacgtaatggcggaacacct
>ECK125136814_ycgNp5_forward_1228750_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctgacagtcactttcgatgggcattctttgacaactcgcgttttgtaatactttttgccGcctgaaagcggcggcaaaac
>ECK125136825_ycgVp10_reverse_1256111_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agggaataactcgatataaactcacctttgtaagggggatgttaaatatatattaattccTgtgttcctgattttgcccgg
>ECK125136802_ycgXp4_reverse_1213284_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctttcatgccccctaatttcacctttatcccgccccttagacagaatgttataatctgaAcccacaacagcgtttgtacc
>ECK125136803_ycgXp5_reverse_1213212_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttgtaccggagctggtccgttgcaaaatgctcaccgggagaattcagatattccctctAtcacactctgtacatatcac
>ECK120009902_ychFp_reverse_1257882_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttaaagcgcaataagtcgttgtctgcggcatttttgccgagtgccgtgtataataggcaaAgttatttccatttctgcaat
>ECK120033032_ychHp_forward_1258738_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
agggttgtaattgtgatcacgcccgcacataacccactgggtgttgtctatactttacacAtaaggaagaggggtattccc
>ECK120022125_ychOp_forward_1273760_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
cgcgagaaaatacgacaaaagttgccagtaatcgttattctttaaggctatggtttttcaTtattaccggaagttaccgac
>ECK120010693_ychQp_forward_1266899_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
catttatcctcgcggggtatcatgacgtcgaaacctgccgtgactatggtgataacgagcGcgtaacgctcggccgctatt
>ECK125122033_yciCp_reverse_1313698_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tgcttttccatacaagacctgatgctgccacccgaggcttaaccagggtacaattgcccgCtaattaacacctgcataaaa
>ECK125122032_yciEp_reverse_1315396_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
agcacagaaagtcgagcattatgagattgccagttacgggacattagcgacgctggctgaAcaattaggttaccgtaaagc
>ECK125136855_yciNp10_reverse_1330689_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcgctcttgccaccagcgtggtatatttgtctgcaagccatgcctggcgtagactaatgTccttgtttaaggagtaaata
>ECK125136840_yciUp4_reverse_1307359_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggtcgatggcgaactaagtctggttggcacagttaaccttgatatgcgtagtctgtggctAaatttcgagattaccctggc
>ECK125199578_yciWp_reverse_1350132_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ctgatatttgttatcgccgatccgtctttctccccttcccgccttgcgtcaggataacgaTttcctttacgaccaaggagc
>ECK125136871_ycjMp3_forward_1370185_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgcgtgactaaaacccttgtgctcaattgacagtttattttctgcggagtagtctctcgTttcatgggaccgctaccacg
>ECK125136873_ycjWp2_reverse_1383991_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aggccattgattatcaactgcccgtgttgtcatcgaccggcgaactccataagatgtgcaGcattcacgttcggacggagt
>ECK125136889_ydaEp5_reverse_1418219_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcaccagacaccgcatcaacaaagttcatttgtaaaaatggagataattatgattgcacAtcacttcggaactgatgaaa
>ECK125136895_ydaSp4_forward_1420260_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcctgctctatcgctcggcctaagtctttaccactaagcattgcttaatattctcctatGcgcattacattaggcaatcc
>ECK125136896_ydaSp6_forward_1420343_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acccttactgcattaggcacagcctattgacaattgcgttaggcgtcgcctaatatttctGtgtgtttttggagttcattc
>ECK125136912_ydbCp1_forward_1474188_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atccagtaatcttgtttacaccttcgcattatttatctcttttcgtttctatactgatttTtcttaatccgttttattaca
>ECK125136911_ydbHp9_forward_1442900_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcataagactttctccagtgatgttgaatcacatttaagctactaaaaatattttacaaaAtttcaaatttaattgaaagc
>ECK125136918_ydcFp3_forward_1487202_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcggttaaggacatacgatttcctcctttcagagtgctccgcttctcactattatctcacGcagtattcttaagggaacga
>ECK125136927_ydcIp4_reverse_1495117_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgctgtaacataattgctttaattgttaataatattttgcaatcaagttatcataatcaAacaacttcacttgtcagcga
>ECK125136928_ydcJp10_forward_1495133_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcgatgttaaaaacgaagcggtgtcgctgacaagtgaagttgtttgattatgataacttGattgcaaaatattattaaca
>ECK125136935_ydcLp1_forward_1502369_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attgacttagcccctttttcggcattgactatgtcgtctgaaaaggggctgaaaaatttaTtttcaccaacactttttttg
>ECK125136936_ydcLp4_forward_1502345_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttactgaaatttaagtactgatgattgacttagcccctttttcggcattgactatgtcgTctgaaaaggggctgaaaaat
>ECK125136937_ydcLp5_forward_1502446_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttgccacaacacgaagcggcgctttttgctataacttagaaagtaatataatcatctcaGgaaactattcatgcgtacca
>ECK125136941_ydcPp2_forward_1506754_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacccgcgcagttaagcgggaaaactatttcgcaacgtcgcgcttgtggctaaaatagccGccatttttcagctactggat
>ECK125136942_ydcSp7_forward_1511515_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatagcagtcatatttcctaactccttgactatactccagaagataaccttacagacggcAtaatgcgcggtagctcacaa
>ECK125136943_ydcSp9_forward_1511453_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcaagaacggctgtaatagcgtttaatttaattcctcttagattgggtaatatgaatttCgaatagcagtcatatttcct
>ECK125136948_ydcXp7_forward_1517236_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttctactggaaacattcatttttgccaccttttatcattgcccctatgtgtatagtacggGttaagaaaatccgcaataat
>ECK125136950_ydcYp3_forward_1517610_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcactgttttaaatcttactcactggcttgacggcaccacgcagacttatatcatttggAtgaatcgataaatttcacaa
>ECK125136960_yddJp5_reverse_1544825_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttcctgacttatcttccatctatcaaaagtttaagactggacaataataaaataacccAcattgatactaataatacat
>ECK125136961_yddJp6_reverse_1544851_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caaccagttgaaatatataaatcttgatttcctgacttatcttccatctatcaaaagtttAagactggacaataataaaat
>ECK125136968_yddWp6_reverse_1568852_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgctccctttttcgtgcttgctgtcgtattgacttaacggggataagtacgagaatgagcGcacatctgtttaccggaaac
>ECK125136984_ydeEp1_forward_1621304_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aataagtcgctatacttcggatttttgccatgctatttctttacatctctaaaacaaaacAtaacgaaacgcactgccgga
>ECK125136985_ydeEp4_forward_1621264_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgattcgttagtcgccggttacgacggcattaatgcgcaaataagtcgctatacttcggAtttttgccatgctatttctt
>ECK125136987_ydeIp5_reverse_1624559_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatttgacagctagttggctgattttaaatgccttataacaattggcaatattcttatttGgcaattataaaaatagcaac
>ECK125095187_ydeJp_forward_1624688_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
atttaactcactaaagttaagaagattgaaaagtcttaaacatattttcagaataatcggAtttatatgtttgaaaattat
>ECK125136974_ydeNp_reverse_1582554_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Strong
atctctttatgtgactaacttcacttacatccacttatttctcttcgtaaaattactttgGaattaagtacaataagaaga
>ECK125136973_ydeNp3_reverse_1582729_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cataacctgttgcatgattatttatgatctcaattctgcattttgtcagtaaaatgcaatAatttattaaatatcaataaa
>ECK120033717_ydePp_reverse_1586664_[IHBCE|W|Inferred by a human based on computational evidence],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcgcacaattgaagccagagtcttattttttatattgaaaaatatgttaatttaaacactAtgagagatgatgcttaactt
>ECK125137002_ydfAp8_forward_1648436_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgttagctatagcatacaaaatcacttgaccgatatgttagtcatggctaatcttgtttGcatcaacacaccgcacggtg
>ECK125137017_ydgCp3_reverse_1682062_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcgctgtttttacttactatcaatcgtttctaaacaagttttcatcaggtattctactgAtgacttgttatggaagtgtt
>ECK125137022_ydgJp6_reverse_1704399_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttgcgatatttagcttttgtcgttggaaaattcgctatttttttgacttaagttaaacaAcatcccttattgctggcagg
>ECK125137036_ydhCp5_forward_1739849_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgaccacatagtctgcctgcaaaatttttgaaaccagtcatcaaatattaccgtttcacAacactaatttcactccctac
>ECK125137037_ydhCp6_forward_1739878_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgaaaccagtcatcaaatattaccgtttcacaacactaatttcactccctacactttgcgGcggtgtttaattgagagatt
>ECK125137032_ydhFp3_reverse_1725655_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catcagacgaaccggagcaaccatcactcttttgaacctaatcttgcgtatactcctctcAtatctgataagaggaagcga
>ECK125137033_ydhLp3_reverse_1725932_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgcaagcaaagttgctactttggacattaacagcttcaataatggtaataatcttatctGaggagggcgaagtggcggag
>ECK125095200_ydhOp_forward_1734357_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
atttttttgcgctcgccaacgaaacgtattttttaacaataaaagctattaactttctctTcttctatgcattagaatcat
>ECK125137045_ydhZp5_reverse_1755167_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgttatttgtctgattttgtttgatttttgtttaattggttagattgatatatgctgataGttggcatgataaataggtat
>ECK125137060_ydiEp5_forward_1789603_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tactgcttgctctggtcagccataatattgataataagaatcattgttatatcaattattAttaatttttatgcgttatac
>ECK125137053_ydiHp3_reverse_1765147_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagtgtgacgcatattgcttttggtcattatctgcacagtaaacggtggtatactgtgcaGgtcttgtctaaaagcgagga
>ECK125137056_ydiNp6_forward_1772409_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggaaaatcgcgatcaaaaacaaactatgacatgcaatattcctggaaacataaactttatGccatgtacccagggaaaatc
>ECK125137065_ydiYp11_reverse_1806250_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacaatatgatttattggagctttatttaaaattttgcagataaatatatataaataaaaAtctgttttcgccacatgctt
>ECK125137066_ydiYp12_reverse_1806170_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tattcaaaaaatgaaataagaatacattgctaagttattcgcgcctttttataattcgttAcctttccagggacgctaatc
>ECK125137086_ydjEp6_reverse_1854041_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggtaatttaagcacacgttgtcaatattatttgttcctgcgccttgaaataaaatgatgAtaaagatgcggcaagtgaat
>ECK125137088_ydjFp7_reverse_1854886_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaatctgtgattcaaacaggttattttgaaagtaaacatcggttatgcgataatcgcgctAatgtgatgtaaaaagataca
>ECK120015516_ydjMp_forward_1810170_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gattaatcgtcaatttaagagaaagagttacaccgtcaccacttccgtgcactgtataaaAatcctatactgtacgtatcg
>ECK125137073_ydjOp10_reverse_1813255_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctattgctataaataagtgatcttttttctttaattgtttatttattttaaaatggttaAgttttgctaatcatgatgag
>ECK125137071_ydjOp7_reverse_1813188_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctaatcatgatgagctatttttgatagttcatcctgtggcgtcgctcttaaacttatattGtaaatgacttagatttaaat
>ECK125137072_ydjOp9_reverse_1813153_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtggcgtcgctcttaaacttatattgtaaatgacttagatttaaatgagataataattttGttaacaatatgaggcgggag
>ECK125095204_yeaEp_reverse_1865724_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
cgatggtggataaatcctggactggcctgatttctaccgggatcacctacaaattctgatAatgcatctttccagggcatt
>ECK125137091_yeaIp5_forward_1870364_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catacattagcttacaatcgctttaaatatgacagcataacctttacataatttagttccAgaaaacaatcattcggaaaa
>ECK125137093_yeaJp6_forward_1871937_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agccatgctttttgcgtggcttttgcatacaatttattactattacccctaaatttccccTccccagcggcgcagagatga
>ECK125137095_yeaMp6_reverse_1875598_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacaaacgaggctgtaccttaccgtttttattgttatgttgaatcaagctaaaatgacaaAttatcgctaagttcggacaa
>ECK125137098_yeaOp3_forward_1876822_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aactggtctgtaccacttatgggtgttgccatactttcactactgatggcgattttcggaCtttgcgccgggagagacaaa
>ECK125137101_yeaPp3_forward_1877666_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cattcactcaaaacatattacgtcttgtttcatctttgttgatgatgttttatcatgcctGcaaagattaaataatcagca
>ECK120033252_yeaRp_reverse_1879994_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gctaaaaagtaaccaataaatggtatttaaaatgcaaattatcaggcgtaccctgaaacgGctggaataaaccgttttcag
>ECK120015435_yebBp1_forward_1946110_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
atgaagaaaacttgcgaggtgtctcgatgaactgaaaaatggcacagtataatttattctAcaggttatattggaagcaaa
>ECK120015431_yebCp_reverse_1948185_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gcggcgctcactaagtcctggagcaaccggcaggcgattgaacagtttgtaattaacgctGcctgaacaggcagggctatc
>ECK120029864_yebEp_reverse_1929732_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgcgcatcttttgtctcgatatacattttctgacatcctcatccgctatgctacaggcacTaaaaatggttattgaggagc
>ECK120035103_yebGp_reverse_1930765_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gtctttattgctgatgttgatttctcaaccgaaaagaaatatactgtataaaatcacagtTattatgagaggctgcaaatg
>ECK125137139_yebKp2_forward_1936590_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aaataacaacttttttatctgcttttgtcattaacacggcacacaggcgtaatatctgacAaaactgcatttcgatttctt
>ECK125137121_yebQp4_forward_1910157_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catttatcacctcattgcgagtgttttataaaaatcagaactgttttttattataatttcGcaccagggtggtcgcaatcc
>ECK125137124_yebSp5_forward_1916119_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aactggtttctcccgccatcagcgcgttaaagtcgcgatttaaatccgcgtaaaattctgTtttgttcattatataatcac
>ECK125137125_yebSp6_forward_1916181_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgttcattatataatcacttggttgtcttacctggatctgccagcctattaaaataagcAttaaatgcgttaatgctcaa
>ECK125137129_yebVp6_forward_1921725_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgcacaaaaaaagcgcactttttgactggcacattcggctgcctcaactaggctgaaaaAtggtgcgatcggactggtcg
>ECK125137131_yebWp6_forward_1922084_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agaacccgtcggcatggcgggttatttgtcctggttattcccccgttgtaaaatctctccTaaacttaacggtacggcacc
>ECK125137148_yecDp7_forward_1950760_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgaaatcagactctacgccagtttgctataaaggtgttgcccgaactcataaaaattaacAaaatttgtcgttccgccatc
>ECK125137149_yecDp8_forward_1950636_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagtcgcagcgttagctgtatgtcacaactgaatgaaaaaaggcggctattatactggaaAttctgccgcaccgtaagagc
>ECK125137165_yecHp3_reverse_1989564_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taacggctgcttcgtcaaaccgacgttacatatggtgtaaatataaatgtacaataaaaaGcattcagtcctgcgctggcg
>ECK125137151_yecMp2_reverse_1959984_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgaagcgagcaaaaattgcccgcaccagttaaagaaattagggcgggagtatactgcaaAtggctgttttcgtcagcaac
>ECK125137152_yecMp3_reverse_1959872_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcatcagaagcggcgtgaaatcagcggttggttggcacagggcaacagggtaaattaacgCttttactgaaagacgaagag
>ECK125137154_yecTp3_forward_1961931_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaatggacatgccattgttttctcactgttggataagaggccagaagcgtaatatccggCcccagggaaacgataacggt
>ECK125137172_yedDp5_reverse_2008261_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccagaatttaatcaaccaggcgtgtttgaattgctgccatgacatgaatgtagcctctgaActcagaaggtttgaaacaag
>ECK125137177_yedIp2_reverse_2029461_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataaaaaggtggttcatagtaaacgtgaaaatcattctgctggcgagagatataattgcaCttgattgttaaaaaaatgtt
>ECK125137178_yedIp3_reverse_2029370_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcaagtatcagagctgccgtttttgcttcatacttacacccttcaacaataaaaatgagaGggaatgcttttggccgggag
>ECK125137180_yedJp4_reverse_2033223_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cccgatgcccccgtgtcgggatttgaaagcgatttaggctctaccgcgggaaagtggttaGgggcactggtcggattttta
>ECK125137182_yedXp_forward_2038840_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cattcctgggtcctttgattatcttcaataagtagaatcttcatgaaaataatatgccatAaatcatatgttatagaaaca
>ECK125137191_yeeNp4_forward_2056792_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attatggctttagaatatttttatttctaatagacgagatttttcctgttatgatataatAtgctgaattaacacatgtta
>ECK125137192_yeeNp7_forward_2056754_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgccaacaatataagtttttataaaattaaatataagattatggctttagaatatttttAtttctaatagacgagatttt
>ECK125137195_yeeOp7_reverse_2059722_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttgccgtttctatcaacagtttgttgcatttgcagacaatttgttggcgaaaatctttGcagctttgctgattctccct
>ECK125137200_yeeXp4_reverse_2079417_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgatagtgaaaagggataaaagcattgtcatctgcggcagctatgagtaatgttggcccTaacgaatagcggttgcttaa
>ECK125137203_yeeZp5_reverse_2089211_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctggtatacgcggttaccgacgattcactgctcattgcagcatgtcgttatcattattgAacagattcattcatagaatg
>ECK120035130_yefMp_reverse_2089733_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ccttgatctacaaactaattaataaatagttaattaacgctcatcattgtacaatgaactGtacaaaagaggagattgaca
>ECK125137224_yegDp2_forward_2147644_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgctgcgctttgctttcatattccggttgtcgcgacggcaacatttcgctaaagtcacgCcccttcttcaccggcatggg
>ECK125137225_yegIp7_reverse_2151077_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagttaatcattatcaggccgaaattgaattgtatcctgataaaattgcattatcattttTattcttgagtgggttttccc
>ECK125137226_yegIp8_reverse_2150999_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccccatatagaaataattttaatggttagttgttattattcattgaaatataatataactAcccgcgaaatattatgaaaa
>ECK125137228_yegJp7_forward_2151016_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgatgtaaatacttttatatttgttttcataatatttcgcgggtagttatattatatttcAatgaataataacaactaacc
>ECK125137230_yegQp1_forward_2165591_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgggcgtgggttgttggcgtccggcgctttaccagagccccccacagcgctacaatgcccGcccttaaagtgggggcactc
>ECK120048892_yegRp_reverse_2168349_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttgtacagaacatttattataatcctattcaattataataatcatgccattattatatttAaacactagagagtgtcgttg
>ECK125137233_yegSp6_forward_2168543_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tattgaagatgccactgtttagttgaatattaggtatatgctcttttttgaaatttatcgGtggcagccgttagtattcgc
>ECK125137234_yegSp7_forward_2168565_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgaatattaggtatatgctcttttttgaaatttatcggtggcagccgttagtattcgctGtccccattgcaagctcctgg
>ECK125137240_yehAp6_reverse_2188472_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accgccatcggttaatgtggcaattgataagcaacaaggactttcatgcacaatcaccttCggtaaagagattgatgaaag
>ECK125137242_yehEp7_reverse_2192880_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcgtccgaaactctacaaagtcgattgatcatacaggcaatgcttcattatcatccttcGtggctgtgtagtggatgtac
>ECK125137246_yehKp1_forward_2203784_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acctgggtgagtaccggctggtccttaagttttcacccggttttaaccactacaatgttgAtagcaaagcgctaatgagct
>ECK125137247_yehLp3_forward_2204402_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggattataaatctcattatcttaattgcaacggggtccagccgtggttataattcgttcGttggaacacgatgttgcaca
>ECK125137266_yeiEp6_reverse_2249656_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaccctctcctttaaccgggcataaggttacgactaactggtttaaaaataaaattgattAtatatttataattaatcttt
>ECK125137267_yeiEp7_reverse_2249638_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcataaggttacgactaactggtttaaaaataaaattgattatatatttataattaatcTttataagtggtaagcgacta
>ECK125137277_yeiQp6_forward_2266214_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tcatcgcattaacaatccagaccaatttcaattgctgtcatataactttacactgtcgttGttaattaatcgttactaaga
>ECK120034266_yeiTp_forward_2233989_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atcttttcacagtttaaattcccccgcacgcttagccttaatatcagtacattattatttActaaacgctcgccttaatta
>ECK125137274_yeiWp6_reverse_2265420_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taccttttttaatttcgttcgctcttggcatcgaaaaattcctgtagtcgaaaatgtcaaAaatatcgcgacaaagtactc
>ECK120030649_yejAp_forward_2272312_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gctaaagaaaccgtatacgccgcagtggtaaggtgtgcttacgtcccttattattcatagTgaaagcatgccggattgcgg
>ECK125137302_yfaEp1_forward_2348341_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgaataaagacattctctgccagtacgttgaatacatcaccaatatccgtatgcaggcaGtcggtttggatctgccgttc
>ECK125137300_yfaLp7_reverse_2344284_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atataactgatatccctgaaggttattaacttgaattatgacgcactgatattattcatcAaataataacaaaatagccat
>ECK125137301_yfaLp8_reverse_2344207_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccattgcaccgggttgaacaatttacaaaagaaagatattccatatcgtataatgcgattAaatacgccgtcttatagaaa
>ECK125137306_yfaZp4_reverse_2364372_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaagtgtgtttattttttcggcatttaattatttaagaagtatttagttacaataagtgActagatcctttttttcgctc
>ECK125137307_yfaZp5_reverse_2364317_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagtgactagatcctttttttcgctcattgaatcctctgtgccaggcagtacaatcccgcAgctttgggaattttgattaa
>ECK125137318_yfbKp3_reverse_2385784_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gggttgcgttgttgaatcattatttgctatgggtttcgatattgtattttattaagattaGcaggattatacaaagagtat
>ECK125137324_yfbLp10_forward_2385805_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caggcaccagacataaaatatactctttgtataatcctgctaatcttaataaaatacaatAtcgaaacccatagcaaataa
>ECK125137321_yfbLp5_forward_2385750_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cataagcaacatgattatatttttatttcgcatataaaatccttttaaataaactcaggcAccagacataaaatatactct
>ECK125137323_yfbLp9_forward_2385769_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttttatttcgcatataaaatccttttaaataaactcaggcaccagacataaaatatactCtttgtataatcctgctaatc
>ECK125137326_yfbNp8_reverse_2388554_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tattcatcaaacgaatgacattgtttgaattcattagcagataaatagtgacaattccatAcgtattattagtttcaagag
>ECK125137328_yfbOp5_forward_2388458_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtttacgaatttcacttaaccattccatgtcaaacccctttaaatatttatgatattaaAtataacaacgtctggataac
>ECK125137329_yfbOp6_forward_2388539_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gacccggcctgactgaatatctcacgttttcctgcttaacattcatgttatgatgctcttGaaactaataatacgtatgga
>ECK125137335_yfbRp4_forward_2408835_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtaatcttaatttcactgccggagattgcatccggcagcgttatcccgccacaatgacctGatgatgtcatcatacgtaag
>ECK125137341_yfcJp2_reverse_2440241_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
acctgatggttccctttttcacatcattgacaatcgccgccagttccaggcaaacttcccGctttgtcgatttccttctga
>ECK125137342_yfcLp5_reverse_2444251_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaatggcattccggaacgtccggcacgcttcattaaagcactacaaaattattatcacacGccggaacttacggcggaaca
>ECK125137345_yfcVp6_reverse_2455821_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatctttcccctatcaatatattaattaaatctacatttactcattagtaaaattaaattGaatcaggggagtgaaaacat
>ECK125137346_yfcVp7_reverse_2455668_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctgggtataaacattggctattgactgaatcaatgtattgcaatgtttatattttaattAtttatagtttaaggacaaat
>ECK125137350_yfdFp7_forward_2462984_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taggttctaaataaatgagcgttttttgatagtctatttcattaggtaatatatatttgtAacaaatcaatcaaaatggaa
>ECK125137356_yfdPp6_forward_2473536_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcagattttgatgcgtcagattttgacgggtcagagtctgacagttgagaaaatgccgctGcctgaagcttcgcaacgtta
>ECK120033723_yfdXp_reverse_2494433_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttcaaaatgaccgttgctctctgatttctcatttcatgctcacccaatatgatggcggcgTtttctaaaactgttaaagaa
>ECK125137362_yfdYp5_reverse_2495333_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttttcattgatgcttagcaaaaattgccagaggttaaggattgtcttactattaaagtgActgaagttacaggtttttta
>ECK125137367_yfeAp5_reverse_2517869_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaatcggcaacaggctggccccctgtttgcttcgcgatgcgaataaacttattatttgtGtgcctgaaaaccccgatcag
>ECK125137372_yfeCp3_forward_2518384_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaaaatcaggcaaatgaacaattttggaaaaccgctcgcattcagtagttattcatgtcAcggtttcctgtaaagtggtg
>ECK125137365_yfeOp1_forward_2509453_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcccacatcaccgactaatgcatactttgtcattcttcaactgctccgctaaagtcaaaAtaattctttctcacactgta
>ECK125137380_yfeXp3_reverse_2550554_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaaaaacacgtaaaatagcgctcaacaatgccacggattgcgtggcattattattttcaGgaggaacaatgtctcaggtt
>ECK125137385_yffOp7_forward_2561993_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgaaatcataagaattgctagagatttggaagcgccagttgacgctccgttagattgctaAcgccaaaattagcgctgaat
>ECK125137389_yffSp4_forward_2564400_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttggtaggtagagtatttgaaaaacgtaattgattgcgaatagcaacaactaaacaaccaAtacacccggcccctcgccgg
>ECK125137396_yfgGp5_forward_2629252_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tgacgcttttttacataacgaagaattgaccattttgtcctgttgtgccttaatgtaagtAccgtccacagcgtgggacat
>ECK125137397_yfgGp6_forward_2629186_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catcattattacatcatcattgtaaataattaaattaacttccataacattaaaatatgtAtccactgacgcttttttaca
>ECK125137399_yfgHp10_forward_2629672_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctgtttggctgcgaaataaatataaaattaatatatatgttgtaatgatatatttttatAaattattccctgcgtgaatt
>ECK125137419_yfhHp5_forward_2698707_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atggctaactggaatttttaattcatggcaattagcggcaatggaatataaaattcactcGcgtgtgtctcatattgcctg
>ECK125137423_yfiCp3_reverse_2712805_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gacgttacggctgcaatcttcatctgtttgtatggatatcgcttctcgggtattgttctcAcccggtgctatcgccgtttt
>ECK125137425_yfiEp7_reverse_2715344_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggtagacagtacccgacacggaacatttaaaaaaatgaatgtttttatattctagattcGatattttcgataggtttggg
>ECK125137434_yfiLp10_forward_2741355_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctgtatagataaatttacactccctttgaaaacaatccgctatgctttgaaaaaggagaAagaaatgatgaaaaagttta
>ECK125137433_yfiLp9_forward_2741315_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatttacacaggcaatttagtcgcgctttcaacccttacctctgtatagataaatttacaCtccctttgaaaacaatccgc
>ECK125137428_yfiMp2_forward_2724033_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcactatcgcgatctgcaaagtattgccgattatccggtgaaggttcgtaaactcatccGccgtttgcgccgtatccgca
>ECK125203421_yfiRp_forward_2741824_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cattgtgttttatttctcacattgatgacggtcgcatgaaaaaatgatattttaatgagcAttctgaaaaaatatcgatgc
>ECK125137436_yfiRp5_forward_2741762_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccagcacaatacgattaaattaattaaaaccccacaaataaattaaacataagattttaCtcattgtgttttatttctca
>ECK125137446_yfjHp2_reverse_2758663_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tagatggtggcccgtgccatacctgttttttggataaccgctggtaaccgtagtattctaAcggccgatcgattgttcatt
>ECK125137448_yfjIp3_forward_2758978_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccattaatagcggaatagccatatttgctaaacaatttcttaatttaattaaataagagGcattgcatgttcaatggtcg
>ECK125137450_yfjIp9_forward_2758855_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgtcggatggattgaggccgagattgatgagtggttatcacaacgctgtaaacttatttGagggtgttacatgaattcat
>ECK125137452_yfjJp6_forward_2760507_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cccagttcggataaaagcttgtcatcttgataggtaatatataggtacatagacacatcaGaacgatcacttactccaata
>ECK125137453_yfjMp3_reverse_2765985_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccagcccttgaccctggcataggaccaattgattggattgaatagtttttattttcaatgAattgtctggattcagtctcg
>ECK125137455_yfjPp6_forward_2767644_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agaaagattctgcaatctatgtgcattgaaaaaatcttcagatagatatcattctcctgaAcaatccgatgaacggcagaa
>ECK125137457_yfjWp5_forward_2773285_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgtatcgagtaatgaaattggttgctagaaagtcgatgatttgttgcgtatgattaaaaAtcaaccttaaaggctttata
>ECK125137465_ygaZp8_forward_2809595_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttaagaagcccatcagtctgataaggttaagatattcattcagtctatttataatattaAcaatcgttaagcgtacactc
>ECK125137475_ygbEp3_reverse_2873392_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttagtaacaaatttggtacagcaattattagatctgttgagacagaacgatattatcagaTcctgagacaccaccgggttt
>ECK125137468_ygbIp5_reverse_2861441_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgacagtgctgctcccattcccattgaccctaagccaacgataccgacatgaaactcagaTcccgttttcatctgctctcc
>ECK125137469_ygbIp6_reverse_2861362_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccttgttaatttaagtgatattttgtttgatattgtgaatataagcgctggaagataacgGtatggtgatctgattcacat
>ECK125137485_ygcGp6_forward_2905666_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccaaaattatatttattttttctgtattagtttttaatgataacgaatataaaattaccgAtgccgccgtcaatttattta
>ECK125137492_ygdDp2_reverse_2941721_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtaaaaatgctttttatctggtttgtcatgacagtcaggcagaactgggtaaaatagccGcctttcgccaatggatcctg
>ECK125137502_ygdQp3_forward_2970392_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcattttctgatccagtagccatcgctttgacctgccgctttccgggcatataattaccGcttcatttttttggcagggc
>ECK125137524_ygeHp10_forward_2991879_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acctcttatgttttcttaaatcagcatcttaaaacagttaagagcatactataaatcattAtttttcaatgcgttagagaa
>ECK125137525_ygeIp6_forward_2993581_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacaacagagataaaaatatctaagatattcaccttattgcaagatatttaaaatgctctAgagttaaaagtatgatgtaa
>ECK125137527_ygeIp8_forward_2993603_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagatattcaccttattgcaagatatttaaaatgctctagagttaaaagtatgatgtaaaGaccattggcctggacaatta
>ECK125160781_ygfBp_reverse_3055473_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tgatgagaagagacaagcccttttctggtccaccagggcccaaagtggtagcatatcatgAatattcctccctttgacgac
>ECK125137550_yggIp3_forward_3089659_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccaaacacgtttcgctggaacatattgaacgtaatctgatgaaaggtcgtaaactgcgcgAaataggcgctcacgattaat
>ECK125137551_yggIp4_forward_3089752_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctcccatcgcggaggaagccacctcttgcagtcatcttttcttcgctctatcctctgccGctatgaaaacatcccgtctc
>ECK125137560_yggLp2_reverse_3102250_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ggaaccttatgcggaacatatgcttgaagtgatgtcttctattgacggttataaaaacctGtcagagagcaatgattacgt
>ECK125137558_yggMp3_reverse_3099593_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttttcacttcagactcacgtccattgccaattttaattaccctaatgataatcaccggaAtaaattattccgcgtgaggt
>ECK125137589_yghAp5_forward_3149483_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caagcagccagcgagaagcatacattgcattttcaagaaaacgttccatacattcctgtcGtgtagttaaaacgggcaaca
>ECK125137564_yghDp2_reverse_3111211_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttcacctccagctacgggccgcgaactttgccagtttcgacaaactgcgtagtgtactgGcaaccgattatgttgtgcaa
>ECK125137568_yghJp5_reverse_3119259_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgaaatgttgttaattttttgtttgttgaaatttcgtaaaaatagccagatagacatcgtAtaggggttattcttataaat
>ECK125137569_yghJp6_reverse_3119320_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatctgttgcttttgcaatcttaatcgttaaaactaccaacaaatttatatagttacgttGtgaaatgttgttaatttttt
>ECK125137575_yghQp6_reverse_3132449_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacagaaggcggtttctctggttgccatcgtttctgaccgccgaagtttaacttaaggctGgcgggatactttttactatc
>ECK125137582_yghTp10_forward_3134016_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgaaaaacccggcagtaaataatgtattgaatattacgtggtccgtgctcagaatatccGttcaaccttattgtgacaat
>ECK125137583_yghTp11_forward_3133982_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgtggaattaattattgacatattacgttgattcacgaaaaacccggcagtaaataatgtAttgaatattacgtggtccgt
>ECK125137580_yghTp7_forward_3134084_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttattgtgacaatggttaattgtgacattgacctgaattacgctttcataaaaacatattAaccaaataaatatttttaat
>ECK125137585_yghWp6_reverse_3146753_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaatagcgtgcgcaaaagtcgttctttgcctaaaatatcgctatatatgacaatatataGcgaatgaggtgaacgatgaa
>ECK125137613_ygiLp4_forward_3185311_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtataattgcaatgtattttttaagttttacttaatcgatatttagataaactaattttAtaaaaaacacaaaataaaat
>ECK125137614_ygiLp5_forward_3185342_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttaatcgatatttagataaactaattttataaaaaacacaaaataaaatatcatatttcAatgattagtagtccttaaat
>ECK125137609_ygiNp2_forward_3173078_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccgacatttatcgctaatgacgtgataaaaatgcctgatgttccccgctatactgaagaAtatcgcaagcatcttgtgga
>ECK125137593_ygiQp5_reverse_3161182_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgaggagggcgagtatggaatacctttcgatttctctttcgttccggcttataatccccgGcctttgattatttttttatc
>ECK125137597_ygiSp4_reverse_3167731_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcgataagtttgagcgaacaatgccacaggcgtattgttgttgggcttataatttctccGgtaaggaataccatgtatac
>ECK125137600_ygiVp2_reverse_3169287_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtcgataaagactggaattctgttgaaattgacgtcaaacagatccgcaaagtaaatccGtaattgttaccgctcccggg
>ECK125137605_ygiZp3_reverse_3172253_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttttttggggattgaaaatatggctttgaataagtaaaagatgaaagtatcaacgtgtcAtgttgataattataaatgga
>ECK125137629_ygjHp3_reverse_3221255_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttagcctacaggattgagaaaaacttttgctatagtttagtaaaattttaccctaagggAggaagcaatggaaaccgtgg
>ECK125137637_ygjQp5_forward_3236513_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acaaaatctgaaaatgatgtcaggcgttatcttttctttctttagcgcctaaaatcgaccTcccccctttcgttaaggata
>ECK125137642_ygjVp4_reverse_3241819_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcgtaacgacttccgcgaactggcgatcttcaaaagcggcgtaacgctataaagtcgaaAtgagttgttaataaaaaacg
>ECK125137664_yhaBp3_forward_3267816_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taacgccgggtaaatgagcgttttttgatagtgcgaaagaaccctgcgaggaaaataagcAtctattattgtttgtcatga
>ECK125137648_yhaHp8_forward_3252263_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
actttattaattccttgaacgaatatttactgccatttcattcacgtctattcttaatttGctgctttaaaaacaagtgat
>ECK125137650_yhaIp10_forward_3252761_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccggcttttatcattatgttgatgaatgaataatttactaatgtttatttaaaatatttcAatgtcgttatataaattacc
>ECK125137651_yhaIp11_forward_3252783_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgaatgaataatttactaatgtttatttaaaatatttcaatgtcgttatataaattacctAtaaaaaataaccatgtattt
>ECK125137653_yhaJp4_reverse_3254280_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggcagttcgggtagtaatcataattcttgacctctctttacttccttttatggtaagggGctggacgctacattgttagc
>ECK125137680_yhbQp2_forward_3299939_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgccagccaacggctgatggcgatgagtgtttccattgctgttctcttttatactgtggGcctgaccttaacatgcgacg
>ECK125137682_yhbUp5_forward_3301437_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caatacaactttaactgccttaaatcaaaaattgtcgcagcaaggttaactaaaatcccaGttcgttaacatttttgcgtt
>ECK125137686_yhbXp6_reverse_3321651_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttcgttctgatatggatcagagttgaaaaacatgtctgatataaaattaaacattgttGataattgtttatattggttg
>ECK125137699_yhcAp9_forward_3362094_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcatcgcaaacagtgcataacatatattaacaatatgtttctgcgttatttatcattattAcaggagttttaatttaaatg
>ECK125137696_yhcCp6_forward_3354218_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caatcaaaattaccgaaatttcatgcataatcacataaatcacttttgcttatcttgtgtCagatttttttatctcctgat
>ECK125137697_yhcCp8_forward_3354235_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttcatgcataatcacataaatcacttttgcttatcttgtgtcagatttttttatctccTgatggattttaggcaaaaac
>ECK125137702_yhcFp4_forward_3366843_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgcaaaatggtcaagaagtggtaattgatagcggtaaaagcgttagcctcacactgacaAtggctccagcttttaaggat
>ECK125137710_yhcNp5_forward_3385406_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaactagaattaacgataaataaccgtatttttaattcttttttgttattaaaattcacAtttttaacacttagtatcaa
>ECK125137711_yhcNp6_forward_3385481_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatcaactgaaacagttagcgcggtattaattagctcaataattagtgtatacttgatttTgtgatatgggtcacgaaaca
>ECK125137726_yhdHp6_forward_3403446_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tctcgcaatttattgcgcttcatcggctttgcttttccattagcgagtatagtcttcagaAattattttccaatccatcat
>ECK120016965_yhdTp_forward_3407351_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gattttccggccttttttattactggggatcgacaacccccataaggtacaatccccgctTtcttcacccatcagggacaa
>ECK120010574_yhfAp_reverse_3485951_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcacggtaatgtgacgtcctttgcatacatgcagtacatcaatgtattactgtagcatccTgactgttttagcatagcttt
>ECK125137749_yhfLp4_forward_3499438_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taacgagcagtctgcttatattcatataatcaatgaatattaattaatatataatacataGggaatgtaaatgaacaaatt
>ECK125137750_yhfLp5_forward_3499311_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attcagcaaataaaacatagccccttaataaatattatctgctaatgggttatattcaccGttacagcgacttacaaaatt
>ECK125137751_yhfLp7_forward_3499413_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caattaaatattcctgtatcgttcttaacgagcagtctgcttatattcatataatcaatgAatattaattaatatataata
>ECK125137768_yhgEp6_reverse_3532588_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgtggaaaatgttctcaaaaggttaaatcttggtttatatggcgggaatattgtgagtgGaatcgcattcctgaatgaaa
>ECK125137769_yhgEp7_reverse_3532485_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtatcgattcaccacgctaactttttttgattattttctgaaaaaagcaaaatactactGcccggatgcgataattaacc
>ECK125137770_yhgEp9_reverse_3532538_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attgtgagtggaatcgcattcctgaatgaaattgatgcaaattcaaccggtaaagtatcgAttcaccacgctaactttttt
>ECK125137787_yhhAp4_forward_3586919_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagcctggtatataactctgaattaatcatcgttttgtcgggaagcgagtaaacttaaagGatatcttcagaggaggatac
>ECK125137814_yhhIp6_forward_3624173_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttatactcgggcaaatataaatttgcaaaaaatgcgaagataatgtttttaatattttgaAcaatatggcattgaatgata
>ECK125137798_yhhMp4_reverse_3605634_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagtttagtggcgagggtggacggatgacaacaccataactggcagggtatgcttatttcCgcattttccgatgagggata
>ECK125137799_yhhNp4_forward_3605575_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcagctttttcccgtcgctgttgcataaaacgaaacgatgcggcgacgacaattaagccAatgataacaataaagaaaag
>ECK125137800_yhhNp6_forward_3605698_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataagcataccctgccagttatggtgttgtcatccgtccaccctcgccactaaactggaaGcaagaccgtaggcattccgc
>ECK125137802_yhhQp5_forward_3609119_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggttaacgattgcgtgaaaattaaccattgcattgtcaacgtaaagcagtatcatgcggcGgctcgaaaaaagggtaagca
>ECK120015393_yhhYp_forward_3581111_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
caacactttttgcaaaaaaatgcatttgactcgcatttgaaagtcaatgatgttgaaaggGacatttaccccaaagaggac
>ECK125137783_yhhZp5_forward_3581758_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttgcccaatacatatattgagatttaactcataattacttcctaaagtgtaatattttaTtttttaatatatacgcctac
>ECK125137784_yhhZp7_forward_3581841_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttcctggagtaaataaataacaattaacaagcataatattgccattgataaaatagcatGccataaaaggacttttcagg
>ECK125137824_yhiDp8_reverse_3656039_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaggtggcgataccgttactttaaatgaaaccgatctcactcaaattcctaaagtgatcgAatactgtaagaaaaacccgc
>ECK125137816_yhiJp6_reverse_3632595_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aggtgtatgtcataagataaaatgttaactatgtattcctcgcggtaaataatatgaggtAaaatatgaaaattggaactg
>ECK125137817_yhiMp9_forward_3634783_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accccgctatagttatgctatgcatttgtctttaatgatatctcgtcattatattaacagGatgaaattatcattaatgca
>ECK125137820_yhiNp6_reverse_3637500_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttttgatttgccccctgtatggatttcactcaaaaaataattatcttatataattcagGcaaatacttccttttagtaa
>ECK120030787_yhjAp_reverse_3669261_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcatgtaattgattgattcctatcaaaaagcgtatctccctgttttttatgatggctttgTctcgcagagacgtttgcagc
>ECK125137825_yhjBp4_reverse_3672045_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccaatataaggaaatcctcaaaattgttttaaatagtgccctcgacatgtaatttcaggcGtttagctgtaactatttata
>ECK125137826_yhjDp5_forward_3673330_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttatgcagtggctggctggcgtaatgaaagagtacctggactgaccgactatactttttaAgaatgaccacgacagaagga
>ECK125137827_yhjEp8_forward_3674637_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccagttggtaacttttatttaacctgaaaccagttttatccactatttataaaattatgtGaagcatttcatagaagaaaa
>ECK125137828_yhjEp9_forward_3674757_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgaccatttccgcgatttgttacacattgaaatatcacttttgctgtgcgtaatatggctAttcgttagccaaaaaataag
>ECK125137829_yhjKp2_reverse_3685648_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gactggtaagttttcagatagcgcctctcttaatgccgctgcgatcgggtatactcgggcGgcaatctgggatttccgggg
>ECK125145772_yhjXp_reverse_3712043_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gatggcatttcatgccgtttttccccaggcataaagtgcacttcgttatggttgtcggcaGagatttttcctttttattac
>ECK125137838_yhjXp5_reverse_3712060_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcatttcattccgttctgatggcatttcatgccgtttttccccaggcataaagtgcacttCgttatggttgtcggcagaga
>ECK125137840_yhjYp9_reverse_3712983_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgacgcatcggtgaaaaagtcaatatttaatacagggctactatgcccgatatccttcatAcaatgacaataatattgccg
>ECK125137853_yiaBp5_reverse_3727767_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcatttgttaatggcatttttcagttttgtctttcgttggttactcgtaatgtatcgctGgtagatatggagatcgttat
>ECK125137854_yiaBp6_reverse_3727827_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataattcacatctatatatctcagtaattaattaatatttagtatgaatttattctgaaaAtcatttgttaatggcatttt
>ECK125137845_yiaDp3_forward_3716479_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtattgagcagttaaatattacttacaaatttccgagtattcccaggaataatcttcatGttcacgcggcataatctccc
>ECK120010706_yiaJp_reverse_3742618_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaacttgatttcaaatatatcgatcactttttaacaaggcaatctgattgatgaatttcaAaagacataaaaatcaattgg
>ECK125137857_yiaTp3_reverse_3751962_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actcccggtacttaagttgtaattttgtcatcgcaacagcccaattatatataattttatAtattactatataaatatgaa
>ECK125137858_yiaTp4_reverse_3751875_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accggagaaattgtaagcattattatgccgactcttttttatcttattttaaaatggaatAccggacatgttaattaatcg
>ECK125137860_yiaTp8_reverse_3751905_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatatattactatataaatatgaatcttgcaccggagaaattgtaagcattattatgccgActcttttttatcttatttta
>ECK125137863_yiaUp11_forward_3751896_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaataacgccacaatattgcgattaattaacatgtccggtattccattttaaaataagatAaaaaagagtcggcataataa
>ECK125137862_yiaUp9_forward_3751975_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatgcttacaatttctccggtgcaagattcatatttatatagtaatatataaaattatatAtaattgggctgttgcgatga
>ECK125137864_yiaYp4_reverse_3757880_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atacaatgtgctttttattagattaattttgataatcaataatactgatcatattttcgaAtgaaaatcctcagtaagctg
>ECK125137865_yiaYp6_reverse_3757928_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attaatacaaaattcttatgaatttaaaaaaagcacattgtttaatgaatacaatgtgctTtttattagattaattttgat
>ECK125137877_yibBp8_reverse_3793729_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgatgtatgataaataacggaagcatttgaatggataatatacagtatacattctattaAtatttatgatataattcttt
>ECK120033027_yibDp1_reverse_3790149_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ctgctctcattatctctctaccctgaagtgactctctcacctgtaaaaataatatctcacAggcttaatagtttcttaata
>ECK125137871_yibLp6_forward_3776597_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgaattgcgcagtttttgagcatgttaatgattacgttacagaactattacaatgtcattAgttgtgaacaaagcacctgg
>ECK125203417_yibNp_reverse_3785195_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acaacctcatactcaagagtcaaaatttgcgtaattttactacagctgaatcgataaaatAgcctctgaagatcaaaatat
>ECK125137875_yibNp7_reverse_3785056_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaattgcattccagttaacgcgctggctgtatttgccgcaccgcgcaggtatactcctttCctggtttttttaatcactac
>ECK125137869_yibTp5_reverse_3776420_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaggattcagcacgttttccttaatgtcatctttaccgggaacctaaactaaaattggcgGccgcgcattcccggcgcggg
>ECK125137896_yicOp10_reverse_3843921_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttaatagaattattcatatttttctcattttgattttatcaatttgattattatttatcAtaaagaaacgtcgcgagatt
>ECK125137901_yidEp6_reverse_3866390_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgccattctggtggggctttttttgtcttacttactcaacaatgcgttaaatttcgactGtttaagatatttcggcacgt
>ECK125137902_yidRp2_reverse_3869412_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atccagcgcgatcacctgcattttgcctgctaactttcgtgccaacgccgatcctgccggGccgaggccaataatcgccac
>ECK125137906_yieHp6_forward_3896762_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacttatacggcaacgattgcgttgcgcaaatcggctctacgaaaacgttaaactgattaAaaaggaaaggcatgtcccgg
>ECK125137909_yieKp3_reverse_3899399_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggatgtctggcgaccagcctatgcagcctttgtacagaaattatttaaataaaataaggcAttaagatgaaattaatcatt
>ECK125137919_yifBp8_reverse_3950027_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgccagaacaactcaacttcacttgcacaaataaacaggaatcagccactaaaattcacgAattagcgggctacagcagcg
>ECK120048896_yifLp_forward_3994492_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acttcataaagagtcgctaaacgcttgcttttacgtcttctcctgcgatgatagaaagcaGaaagcgatgaactttacagg
>ECK125137922_yigFp4_reverse_4002875_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcatcacaatgatagccgaagattttgcctgttcaggcaatggttcgatgatttttttgAtttgttatttttccactttc
>ECK125137923_yigFp5_reverse_4002842_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaggcaatggttcgatgatttttttgatttgttatttttccactttcagtatgctaatgCttgcacctactgattcatca
>ECK125137944_yihFp6_forward_4044131_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaatattcacgggctttttttattatttaataaatataaatacattctgataatgcatccTgccgctggacattatttcag
>ECK125109810_yihIp_forward_4051308_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aaggcgacagagtaatctgtcgccttttttctttgcttgctttctgttagattccgccgcAaatctatactgaataaaacg
>ECK125137950_yihLp4_forward_4060419_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tatctgcaaagtcatacgccgttaattgctttcttttttggcgtaagcgtaagatgcttcAtctggtttaaaccaaaagga
>ECK125137956_yihQp6_reverse_4069433_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttacggacagagaaaataacttgtattgattagcagtcaaaatcattgaagaacatttcaCtcgctaaaggcaacattatg
>ECK125137957_yihQp8_reverse_4069363_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcaacattatgtatcttcaatttattaagttaaaaacagctcagcttctgtaaagtttttAtatatcagttttatgagaat
>ECK125137958_yihVp3_forward_4073661_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttgtcatttatgacatgctttgcttgtctgtttttgatcgtatttgtaatttatcgtcAaaaaattgacagccgtcact
>ECK125137959_yihVp4_forward_4073712_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttatcgtcaaaaaattgacagccgtcactttttaaacaattggtgaaattaaaatgaacGcatcccaaaatgtttaagga
>ECK125137961_yiiEp5_forward_4079180_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgataactaaaccatttttgagtaataaatgaaacaactgcaacactcttattatttctgGaaaacgcctcgcaaaaacaa
>ECK125137962_yiiEp7_forward_4079096_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgtttttcggctacaccattcagattatgcaaataaatatctctgaatataatatattcAtagcacccataattcatcct
>ECK125137963_yiiFp7_forward_4079597_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaacagatgcccttattctggtattaatacaaggctgttttacttgaacttataataactGcaactgttacatcatatctg
>ECK125137964_yiiFp8_forward_4079562_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aggaatgacaaaaatttttcattcttgaatataaaaaacagatgcccttattctggtattAatacaaggctgttttacttg
>ECK125137966_yiiGp7_forward_4086886_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catccgcagcgtttgagcaattaattaaaataagtcctgcgaaatatattaaattgcaggActtattcatttcgtgaattt
>ECK125137969_yiiMp4_forward_4102784_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctattgagttcctgcctggatacttaccgcgaaaacagcacgcctgacataaaataaatAtggtctaatggggaaatttc
>ECK125137970_yiiMp5_forward_4102753_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acagccggatgaactaacgttcgtccggtttgctattgagttcctgcctggatacttaccGcgaaaacagcacgcctgaca
>ECK125137974_yiiQp4_reverse_4112312_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agaaatcacggcgtccaatacgccctttaaatgagaataaccattgctgtatggtcatgtAagttccttgatggttgtctt
>ECK125137978_yijFp5_reverse_4137864_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caaactcccggcttgtccgggagtttgaacgcaaaattgcctgatgcgctacgcttatcaGgcctacgcaatctctgcaat
>ECK125137984_yijPp9_reverse_4150311_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caatatatttctgtctgcattttattcaaattctgaatataccttcagatatccttaaggAattgtcgttacattcggcga
>ECK120010063_yjaBp_reverse_4214156_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaaatttgccaatgtcgagcctgcatgttgaaggtgagaaagtttcaaggaaaagactacGttagaatataagaatgacta
>ECK120029972_yjbEp1_forward_4235858_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
catcgctaattccccgcgccgtaattcgcatgctttagttgtgtatactcgatcccgcccGaaatgtttttgggtaaatct
>ECK125138001_yjbLp5_forward_4260159_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgttttgtaggtaaggtgttatgttgccttgtcgtaccattatcaacacgataataattaAtaattcatttttaaataaat
>ECK125138004_yjcDp5_forward_4278466_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataacgtttcgctggcaggggattgtccgccacgcatcttgacgaaaattaaactctcagGggatgttttcttatgtctac
>ECK125138005_yjcDp6_forward_4278318_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagagaaaaaagcagcaaacttcggttgaaaaagccgctatgatcgccggataatcgtttGctttttttaccacccgtttt
>ECK125138009_yjcFp6_reverse_4283106_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctcattaaaaaatgagcgatttttgacagtcgtagaaaatgataatgcagagaatatgccTtttctttcttgttaattata
>ECK125138013_yjcOp2_reverse_4297151_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctttctacagcctcctttcggaggctgtttttttatccattcgaactctttatactggttActccctacccaatcgtatta
>ECK125138024_yjdKp3_forward_4352390_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgggagtatgatgatattcgcagttgatgggagagtacagagtcacgatatttttcattCtctccgcgatgtgatgcagg
>ECK125138025_yjdLp1_reverse_4356462_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aggctgatggccgctataccgttaaggtattgaaagaagaaagcaaaaaataattagctcGtacaagggaagtggcttgcc
>ECK125138026_yjdLp2_reverse_4356413_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataattagctcgtacaagggaagtggcttgccacttcccttttttgctcataaggagaacAcatgaaaacaccctcacagc
>ECK125138027_yjdLp3_reverse_4356517_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaatcggcgctcactatccgggctttgaaaccgatattcacggtgcataccgtcaggctGatggccgctataccgttaag
>ECK125138021_yjdMp5_reverse_4326836_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagattattttctttttgcgtttcctttcaaatgaaaacgatcgtcgtctaaaatcagcaGtacccccgacaaactcaggg
>ECK120010774_yjeFp1_forward_4393677_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttcagctaacgggcgctcgagaataggcgcagaatcgacaaacggtctaaaattcagcgAaacacaatgttgctgaatca
>ECK120010775_yjeFp2_forward_4393937_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cgagcgcgcagcataccgtgacgtgccatccagtccatttcgccgtggtattgtttgtccAgccatgcttgcagtttgggc
>ECK120010776_yjeFp3_forward_4394035_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ggtatcggtaatacctacctgctgaaagcccagttccagcccccactgtttaattttttgCgctaactgattgagatcgag
>ECK125138029_yjeJp6_reverse_4374403_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaactgggaagtttaatctttgcccgttgcataacctttaattattcatatgcattgctGttgttactttttatatagct
>ECK120049216_yjeVp_forward_4392736_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aatatccacagcgacgcgatgcgttattgctggtttttgttgtctctgacaaactcttgtAaacagagttatccacagcct
>ECK125138040_yjfYp2_reverse_4424828_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaatggtcaccatcaacttctttatcattgattaaaattaaatcagaagatcatcacagAggagagcacacaaagtcagc
>ECK125138042_yjfZp8_reverse_4427517_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttatatccataatgagcgatttttgatattaatatctttcaccatccgctattttcaccActtcagaaaacaaacttatt
>ECK125138055_yjgAp8_reverse_4458015_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcaacttccgcaccgtccgatttgcctgaggccaactccagcgcagtggaaactgcttcTtccagaatcttgcgctgcgc
>ECK125138069_yjgBp5_reverse_4496266_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctaagtgctgaaattttcagcattgcatacagcgatgtgtaacctttgtcacactccagGcaccccgccctgccatgctc
>ECK125138061_yjgLp2_forward_4475401_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttacggcgagtttgtgaaaagagcgttttttgatatttttttgtgagtaaaatttgtaAtgcttagacgttcttattca
>ECK125138062_yjgMp10_reverse_4479671_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataaaaattccctgaattaaaaaatccattgatataacttatatatacagacagtaaaatGttctgccacgttacaatact
>ECK125138063_yjgNp3_forward_4479686_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttttgccagcctattactgataagagtattgtaacgtggcagaacattttactgtctgtAtatataagttatatcaatgg
>ECK125138064_yjgNp6_forward_4479566_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attacaggtgattgcggcgcaatgttattcatagtttaacccaataaaaataaagtaattAtacatttgtttaataccact
>ECK125138065_yjgNp7_forward_4479664_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcgacttataaagtaataaagtttttgccagcctattactgataagagtattgtaacgtGgcagaacattttactgtctg
>ECK125138068_yjgRp3_reverse_4490085_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttaggttattttctcttcattacacgtattctctttgccggacgttgcctatactccagGcaggaaactggaggatatct
>ECK125138076_yjhBp4_forward_4504005_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataacaatcaatagtactggcgtatttgaagacaatataattatttctggatattgttgaGgctccctaatatttacttta
>ECK125138088_yjhGp3_reverse_4524140_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagacatattgcttaccaccgattcttgaagcatctgaagaagcaaaagataaagtccacGtgctgcttaccgcgcagggc
>ECK125138087_yjhUp9_reverse_4520401_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaaatggtatgctggtttatttcatgtaaaagaataaaatatctgtataaaatcatgccActggcaatctgcatcaactc
>ECK125138094_yjiKp6_reverse_4563635_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcacattacggggtttctccgcgttaaggattcattaaggtcgctacgtatacttctcgAtatcttattgatttgcctta
>ECK125138099_yjiSp3_forward_4571705_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgctgttttaacctgtctgtatgttaaataaaagtaatatttgaatctgtattgtgaactGccagaaggtggatgatgaag
>ECK125138113_yjjAp8_reverse_4600210_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taccgtagccgggtaacaggtaaagagtattaatccccgtttctggcggtatactgcgacAcaattccaccttgagtaatg
>ECK125138119_yjjJp2_forward_4621657_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagtaattgtgtttcgctgcaaggcgattgccttgtgaagccggagcgggagactgctccGgctttttagtatctattcat
>ECK125138120_yjjJp4_forward_4621716_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggctttttagtatctattcatttttctctccagcttgaatattttcgctatacttttcaGtgaaatgtgttaataaatct
>ECK125138106_yjjLp5_reverse_4594737_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacctgccgttaatgtcaaccttgcgtaatgcacaattacgtaaacaattaaaattataaAtacaggagtccggcgtggaa
>ECK120034380_yjjQp_forward_4603319_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gatattttaaatgtctccaggctatttcaccaggttatcatttgatgctaaccttctgacAcatgcagtggagttgttgtg
>ECK125138124_yjjXp5_reverse_4633773_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gcgtttcaccgtggcggactaggtatacctgtaacatgctttttttccgtatactgctgtAacgttaattttctgagtaat
>ECK125138126_yjjYp6_forward_4640358_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggtctgcatgtttgctacctaaattgccaactaaatcgaaacaggaagtacaaaagtcccTgacctgcctgatgcatgctg
>ECK125138127_yjtDp6_forward_4640898_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gggctttttctgcgacttacgttaagaatttgtaaattcgcaccgcgtaataagttgacaGtgatcacccggttcgcggtt
>ECK125136448_ykgBp10_reverse_318334_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggaaagtcacatcgatgcgaattgataataattcaaccgcaacagcagtattgtataaAtaaggatgttcacaatggaa
>ECK125136445_ykgBp4_reverse_318397_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcatcaccgacagttctggaggataccattgctgatatagccagaaaatataatgcttcAtcctggaaagtcacatcgat
>ECK125136446_ykgBp7_reverse_318484_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcaacactattatctggcgttatggcattttccaccaatgcagatgataaaataattctGaaacatatcagcgtctcgtc
>ECK125136447_ykgBp9_reverse_318525_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcattgatggtattttatatgtttaaaaaatctgttttatttgcaacactattatctggcGttatggcattttccaccaat
>ECK125136450_ykgCp4_reverse_320170_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccatatcagactcctgagtggtttttgattacaaacaccaacaatcttagtaaataactaAtctaataccatcaaatagtt
>ECK125136452_ykgDp2_forward_320193_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaacaaaaatcatgattaactatttgatggtattagattagttatttactaagattgttgGtgtttgtaatcaaaaaccac
>ECK125136453_ykgDp3_forward_320116_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcaaataacatttcttcacaacgcttgatattttgtcttatcgtctgatattttcttttTcttaatcagaatcacaaaac
>ECK125136454_ykgEp7_forward_321511_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttgacgtttggatgaaagattatcatttgtcatacaaatgaggggtggtatgttgctaGccaattaaaaaagaacgcca
>ECK125136455_ykgEp8_forward_321484_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccgaaagaaataaaattagttattgcatttgacgtttggatgaaagattatcatttgtcAtacaaatgaggggtggtatg
>ECK120034388_ykgMp_reverse_312805_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ccacaaagagtcacagggattgagtgttgaaatgatccggatgagcatgtatctttatggTtatgttataacataacaggt
>ECK125095433_ykgRp_reverse_313285_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctattcaaatttgtgatacatgtcaaaaaattggttgaccaaactcgttatttatataagGgcacttacgaagtgcactct
>ECK125136657_yliEp6_forward_872969_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaagccgcagcaagggacaatttttgcagcggcacagcgttcagatagttattttgttaaAtgtattaacatgctgagttt
>ECK125136719_ymcEp3_forward_1051830_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttgggcgctaagtgtattttttgtaaatcgacgatgatcacctttgataacgtcgcgctGcaaatacgcactgaccatgc
>ECK125136735_ymdAp5_forward_1105225_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cccattgctttgacgaagttgagtttaaatatttccccggacgatcgggtgaaaatagttGttactgtttctgatggacag
>ECK125136736_ymdAp7_forward_1105330_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgccctcttcagaaaagtcttaatttgttgaaatatcgagcataagatgaatctggagaGaatggtctgctgcgaatcag
>ECK125136738_ymdBp3_forward_1105714_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atagcctcagtaaaagtgcagtatcttgataaacagaaaaagctggctgtaatgaacatcGaatataactaagtttctgaa
>ECK125136778_ymfDp5_reverse_1197625_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctttgctgtctttattcttttttgtaattttatcattctcagtgagtggtattatctttGctttgacagttaagcccaga
>ECK125136779_ymfDp6_reverse_1197589_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttctcagtgagtggtattatctttgctttgacagttaagcccagaactgaaagtcaagtcGgaaaaatcccggacgataaa
>ECK125136780_ymfDp7_reverse_1197661_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttgcaaacaaatggatatttttcatgttgaaggttctttgctgtctttattcttttttGtaattttatcattctcagtg
>ECK125136788_ymfJp10_reverse_1202184_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cctgcttcggcaggtttttttatacttgacaatgtacctttgagatacataatgtacccaAgagaaacaacaaacaggcag
>ECK125136785_ymfJp6_reverse_1202213_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaatcaaagcctaatcaatgtttatgaacctgcttcggcaggtttttttatacttgacaAtgtacctttgagatacataa
>ECK125136808_ymgFp10_forward_1218953_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctaattagctcgttgcctcttgttactattgttcattattttgtttgctataattgtttGaaagttttgacaggattgcc
>ECK125203422_ymiAp_forward_1335090_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
actggagacgattcgtaaattcgctggatttttgactaaagtttctttaggatttgtctcAtcgtatgattaattacacca
>ECK125136858_ymiAp7_forward_1335056_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatatctatttcaggtcaaaagattgaattattcactggagacgattcgtaaattcgctgGatttttgactaaagtttctt
>ECK125136903_ynaKp10_forward_1425219_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgtgcatagctatgattcttggtcgccttgaaatttatcctgttattatattgttttcaGgttttttttggcgctcctaa
>ECK125136900_ynaKp4_forward_1425313_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tataattgtgagtttaatattatgttgactcactcattgatccaatacctaactttaccaGcaacacctccgtccccagta
>ECK125136901_ynaKp6_forward_1425249_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaatttatcctgttattatattgttttcaggttttttttggcgctcctaatatatggctGatttataattgtgagtttaa
>ECK125136914_ynbAp5_forward_1477471_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgggaacaagcgatgagaaaacttgatgagttgtattgatccacaacgtaatgttttttAactatctgattaattgggga
>ECK125136946_yncLp4_reverse_1517246_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agaaaaaatcatcaaacagcaacttgcccttatccatcttcagaatgagtattattgcggAttttcttaacccgtactata
>ECK125136977_yneEp7_reverse_1609140_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaccgggtttcttatttcaccatattagttacaacatcctatatgcctttatcattaacaGgtgccacatgcagcgcctgc
>ECK125136980_yneJp5_forward_1614780_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tgagtcatggtatgaagatacgcagatttactcttgctttaaaatgaataatattaagccActtattcacgaatcgagaat
>ECK125136982_yneKp5_forward_1615731_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagggatatcaatgagctatttttgatagttcttgcggttaatatgctctatatagtgatGttccgatgacttatgactat
>ECK125108720_yneMp_forward_1622588_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gaacacaataaagatttaattcagccttcgtttaggttacctctgctaatatctttctcaTtgagatgaaaattaaggtaa
>ECK125137004_ynfAp5_reverse_1655690_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaacgtaccaggagggtgtttatattgatgatattatgtcgccctataactatacatgatGtcaataagagacaaagatga
>ECK120010974_ynfEp_forward_1658003_[FP|S|Footprinting],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tcatacccttctattgatatggattaataattcttaacccaaaatgggtagactccctctAttgttagcgcgctaaatatt
>ECK125137008_ynfKp5_reverse_1667240_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggccaggaaagcataacttagactttcaaggttaattattttcctggtttatatttgtgaAgcataacggtggagttagtg
>ECK125137009_ynfKp6_reverse_1667335_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaagacgcgatgtataacggttctttgttgattcgtctgttgcagggttaacattttttAactgttctaccaaaatttgc
>ECK125137010_ynfLp6_reverse_1669652_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtagtacggctcacttgaaatccttgctaaatatgcctgtagatcaggcttatacataggGtaggaaaatcgaattgttct
>ECK125137011_ynfMp4_forward_1669630_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agatgacgaagttcaatattcatatttaaaacatcttatttgagattattaatatattagAcagaacaattcgattttcct
>ECK125136994_ynfNp5_reverse_1638197_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaaatgaaggctccttcgggagcttttttgcttggtgtctattcgatggatactcacatActacggtaacatcatgaaaa
>ECK125136995_ynfNp6_reverse_1638299_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctttcggggcaaaatgtatcttttgtaaatcaatgatgattacatttgataatatttcacAatacttaaatgccagccgtc
>ECK125137068_yniAp5_forward_1807775_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtggtgtgcgttagctcgtgtttttacaccgcattcttgcgctaaccttatgatctggcAgacaacatgggagagacatc
>ECK125137082_ynjIp4_reverse_1844902_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaatatccagcggatcaagaaaattcgttggatattttttttgcatggataaaattatcGcctctaaagtatgtaataac
>ECK125137108_yoaBp4_forward_1893359_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggtgacggcgacctcacattgtggcagtctttgcagcacgaaaatggaagtataatgaggAcaaaatgatgactatcgttc
>ECK125137110_yoaCp6_reverse_1894100_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccagggctttatctattacagcaggcatattcttatccttaaaattaaccatgttatcgaTaaggctatatatgaccttaa
>ECK120034389_yoaEp_reverse_1901772_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttcgtttgcaaaggaaggtaaatctttgccaaatcagaggcgtctctgatatgtttaactCccgtttaacaaccatggagt
>ECK125137100_yoaFp10_reverse_1877722_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accagactttccagtgactgttctttggcaagggattgcgagacgcgggcgataatctgaTctgacacggaacaactccag
>ECK125137135_yobBp5_forward_1925364_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtcacgtttaccttacgagcccaaacttaaataaaacttatacagagttacactttcttAcataacgcctgctaaattat
>ECK125095434_yobFp1_reverse_1907793_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atgtaataacttctcccactggcctggaacaactgaacttattgaactatgttagaaaatAcgccagtttaagtatctgcc
>ECK125137117_yobHp4_forward_1908900_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tattcgtgctttttcggaatgagtcgcttgcttcagcgcatattgccgctacgattaagcGaacataaaaagagaagaggt
>ECK125137175_yodCp6_reverse_2028504_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagtagtggcgatgatattaccgactgttttaaatctgattcttggatttatcatcggcgGcatcgtggtgctgggagtga
>ECK125137258_yohJp4_forward_2230493_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcggattaaaggtctgcaaagagggattgctgcaaactgcaatccctctctatgcttgatGtatgcctgagttcgctgcgc
>ECK125137250_yohOp6_forward_2215586_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acctccgcccaacagcagcaactcaccagttggcaagaacaaggccatgatattttcccaCtcggcatttaatgattcgtt
>ECK120048893_yojIp_reverse_2308641_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaaaagaataaaaataagaattattattgctgtgcgcgcgaagatgtttaaactgcgggcTgtaattcattgtccgggttt
>ECK125137390_ypfGp3_reverse_2582893_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagacggtgttattgcttaactatttgcaaacgtcacatttaatggactgaaaaataacaAtaatatttcgttgtttatta
>ECK125137442_ypjDp5_forward_2747930_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaggcgtctttgttgttatgcaacggttggagcagcgttcacctgacgctatactgcttcTctttcttattgctcaaactg
>ECK125137489_yqcAp5_reverse_2923050_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacctggatgcaggcgttatcacaatttggctggcgcggtctgcttcctgaaaatgaaagGgttgagttcagtgcgccatc
>ECK125137483_yqcEp6_forward_2900472_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagtgtgatattcgtattgtcaaataattttaaaaagcagaagcgtgattactctcacacAacacctctgctttccatgtt
>ECK125137535_yqeCp7_reverse_3015167_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcattttccattgccccattcttgatgataatccggcagcggtaattatacagtcgatgGctgacatagtggttccatta
>ECK125137514_yqeHp4_forward_2987513_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caaaattacaaaatcatggtgtattgacatcatcaataaccaatgaaattatgcaattatAtacggatagggaggttctta
>ECK125137517_yqeIp5_forward_2988436_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caacattaaagcctcatttcaatcatcatgataaatataaaattaatatatatttatgccGtaaataccaatatacttagc
>ECK125137522_yqeKp11_reverse_2990368_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttagtattgatggaaggtgattattgaacagtaacatcgagtcacggtaaaaatgtgaGgtatacaatggacattgaat
>ECK125137544_yqfAp9_reverse_3043256_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttaaattgaactcacgcctgttagttgaaatttcgcatttaatttcatgatttttaggaGattagtctcaaatcagaatt
>ECK125137588_yqhAp8_reverse_3149498_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttaacgtatatgttgatttgctgttgcgtgctgtttactcaattgcgatatactgttgCccgttttaactacacgacag
>ECK125109861_yqhDp_forward_3155302_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ggcaagacattggcagaaatgagcattgagagccagggcgctggcgatcacaatgaaaaaCatcaggcagatcgttctctg
>ECK125137615_yqiJp7_forward_3192054_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcagtattccccaatcagtgtagtgcctttaaacataacgtgcgtaaatatattgtccccGatcacactttttagtgaaaa
>ECK120029867_yqjAp1_forward_3247548_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
taaagtgtcagcctgtgtaaatcctctcgccaccctcccctgcattcagcaaaatcagacTccacggacatgtaattttga
>ECK125137643_yqjFp2_forward_3250466_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatccctcaaattttttgaagatttttgacagttttccttgctaacaatcatcattcaccAcgtttatgattctctccatc
>ECK125137646_yqjGp2_forward_3250974_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgcgtatagcatcgaccgcctgctgaataaaaagtggtaagcacgcgctatacttaacgAtaaaaaacgaggaggaagct
>ECK125134706_yqjHp_reverse_3216538_[IHBCE|W|Inferred by a human based on computational evidence],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tagacatatcagttctacaaatcgcttgcatttatcatgattaacaatcattatcatttgCgagttttatttagatatatc
>ECK125137671_yraHp10_forward_3287362_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taatcttaaagttcagtctatttaatgttcaatgaaatatttctgcctgtataatctttaAagatgttgaacatatattca
>ECK125137672_yraHp11_forward_3287278_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcaaagtcaggcatttatactcttttgaatacatagaaaattgatatcaatataatgaaaAtatcaaatatttgcatataa
>ECK125137666_yraHp5_forward_3287405_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcctgtataatctttaaagatgttgaacatatattcacattaaatatgattatgtacttGttacaaggataaggttatat
>ECK125137676_yraQp3_reverse_3298174_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaattacgcaaaagagctgaataattattcccaagaattgatagtgagcgtaatattcacGcgctcaattatcataactta
>ECK125137679_yraRp6_reverse_3298923_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcttactcatgcttcctccgcgttgttgcattggatgaggcgaatttcccacaatcggggAtaattacctcatggtctatt
>ECK120030204_yrbGp_forward_3340211_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgtggttagcgaaagctggcatttgttttactttttagccgcataaagtcaaaattaagcAtccgttacggctttctgaaa
>ECK120051397_yrbNp_reverse_3308086_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cggttgccaacaacgttcataactttgttgagcaccgatacgcattgttggaattatcgcTcctgggccaggaccaagatg
>ECK125137763_yrfFp10_forward_3526425_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgctcaagttaaactccacgcttgccgatagccaaccgcagaatcatgtattgtgtccgGtgcgactgaccacgcctgac
>ECK125137764_yrfFp11_forward_3526319_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaaatcaaattaaaagtcaataggttgaaataactccaggaatttgctgatattccgccTtcagagggtttgctatgatc
>ECK125137785_yrhBp7_forward_3584734_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctttgacgaagatgaacgcgtctttgctcaatgtatcacacaggaataataatataacaCtcaacaataatatttattat
>ECK125138043_ytfFp5_reverse_4433148_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgttagccgaaagcgtaagccatctttttaatgttaataactagttaattaaagtggcaTcctcccgcatcctctctgat
>ECK125138045_ytfHp5_forward_4434082_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catgggaagtctccatcgttttgtcttgtgtttaaatacgctaacacctaaacttactttTagtaagtacgtacaaaaagg
>ECK125138049_ytfIp10_forward_4437671_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agttacattttaataatgagcgttttttgatagtttacttctatagtgagatatttaatgGcgacataaagtaaccaaata
>ECK125138048_ytfIp9_forward_4437702_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtttacttctatagtgagatatttaatggcgacataaagtaaccaaataaaataaggttGtcatatgttacccaggatca
>ECK125138051_ytfLp3_reverse_4441321_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttcagctgtctgaattttaaccctctggcggctttacagtaccttacgctatactagccActgaaaatgccggttcactt
>ECK125137546_zapAp3_forward_3055551_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgggccctggtggaccagaaaagggcttgtctcttctcatcagggtagctatagtgtcgCcccttcgcagaccatgggtc
>ECK120015956_zinTp_forward_2041346_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgctctcgtttcctaagagttgttgcattttgctatatgttacaatataacattacacatCatatacattaactctggagg
>ECK125137378_zipAp9_reverse_2531407_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accataatcaggatgagctccttttgaccaatcccaggaaaattctgcgtattttaccggGtaattgcgcaatggacagtt
>ECK125136617_zitBp1_reverse_784848_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggagtctctcccttttaatttttcacttctaaaagcagtatgatgtcataaagttaagtGagaataattaagggatgact
>ECK120010036_zntAp_forward_3606422_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ctcgctgtatctctgataaaacttgactctggagtcgactccagagtgtatccttcggttAatgagaaaaaacttaaccgg
>ECK125137741_zntRp2_reverse_3439168_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attgaagctgcgacaagctggattgagtaccgattttttacgcggcgattatgctgacaaGttgttggacaaaatcaacga
>ECK120010035_znuCp_forward_1942634_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tatgtaacataatgcgaccaataatcgtaatgaatatgagaagtgtgatattataacattTcatgactactgcaagactaa
>ECK125137999_zurp6_reverse_4260141_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatagcgagttaacttgaagcaatttatttaaaaatgaattattaattattatcgtgttgAtaatggtacgacaaggcaac
>ECK120010259_zwfp_reverse_1936376_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcgcacgggtggataagcgtttacagttttcgcaagctcgtaaaagcagtacagtgcaccGtaagaaaattacaagtatac
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3292866_3292947
CGCAGCGGGTTTACCCTCTGACCGTTTCTGTTACGAAGGCTTTTTACCTGCCAAATCAAAAGGCCGCCGTGATGCGCTAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2846911_2846992
TGCTGCTTGGTCTGTGGGTTGCCGCACAGGTTGCCGGTTCCACCAACATCAGCAACATCACCGACACCGTTTATCACTGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2486131_2486212
GAATCCAACTTATGTTGTAAACTGGCAAGGTAATGTCATTAGTCATAATAGTGCTTTTGAACATTATTTCACTGCGGATTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4517935_4518016
TGGACCTGTTTCGCCGAAACGCGCTGGAAAAAGCGTATCTGGAGATGCTGGCGCTTATGCCGGAGGGGGGAGCGCCTTCAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1102832_1102913
CCGCGACATTGAAAACTGGCCTCATATCAACGGCGTTTTTTATTCCATGGAGGATCAAGAACGTGTTGTCAATGGGTTGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2027131_2027212
CGCCATCGATAAAAACCTCGATGGTGAGTATCAGCTCTATGACAGTAAGCTGAGATTTTTGACCTCTTCCAATCCTGACCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4048320_4048401
TTGCCGGGCGTCACGATATGGACAGCCTCGCGGAACGTTGGTTGAAGCACAAAACCATCACTTTTGAAGAGATTGCTGGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2748318_2748399
AGCTACGCCTGGGATGCTGGTGCACATTGGCTTATCGCTCTTTTCCTATGCCACGCTAATTATCGCCGCCCTGTACGCGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4206698_4206779
CAACCCAGGTTCAGGGTAAAGCCCTCTCTTATAACAACATCGCCGATACCGATGCGGCGCTGGAGTGCGTGAAAGAGTTCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1970144_1970225
CCATGCAGCAGGCTTTGCGTGGGACGGTAAGTGATGTGCGTAAGGGAAGCCAGGAGATGCACATTGGTATCGCGGAGATTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 679822_679903
CGCTATGTGCTGTGGGGAAGGGGGAATCAAAGCCTGGGATTATGTTCGAATGGGGTTTCTGTCACGGGTCGGTGTGCTCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3155897_3155978
CACCCTGCCGCCGCGTCAGGTGGCTAACGGCGTAGTGGACGCCTTTGTACACACCGTGGAACAGTATGTTACCAAACCGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1602218_1602299
ATCGCTCTCTGCCAGCCAAAAATTATGGCTGGAGTTACCTGGTAACCGCCCACAACATGCCGCCGGAACGCCGGTGCTGAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1424471_1424552
CGAGAGTATCGGATATTTTAATAACTATTTGGTTGAGCTGGTGGCTGGTTCTTTTTCCCTGCTATCGGCTTTCAACTTCAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2557959_2558040
ACAAATTCAACATCCCAACTCAGGGCTGTGTACTGGCGCACGTCACCACCCAGATCGAAGCGATCCGTCGTGGCGCACCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1286757_1286838
GTCGTTGCCTGCGGCAACGCTCTCTCGCTGGCGCTCAAGTCGAACCTTGGTCGAAGCTTCTCATCCTTCCCCGCTTGGGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3369873_3369954
TTGGCGGCGGTGTAGTGAGCGGCTGCAAACTGCTTACCGGCCCTGGCGGTCTGGCGGGGCATATCGGGCATACGCTTGCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3374054_3374135
GTGGGATTGCCCATTTCGAACAATTACGTCTGTTCTTTGAATCCAGTCTGGTGCGCTATGCGGCTGAACATGCCACCGATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2130230_2130311
GCATCAAACAGTTTGGTATCAAAACGCCTAAAACAGATGCTATGATTCTCGCAGGGATAATATTATCCGGATCGTTTTCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2024240_2024321
TGATGAATATCTATTGGTCAGAAAAAATTTATTGATCAGTTCTAAATCGATTAAACCGGAATCTCTCGACGATATCCTTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3740292_3740373
TACTGACGAAGAGTTGCTGAAGCTTGACGCGCTGGCGAATCAACACGGCATTCCGCTGGTGATTGATAACGCTTATGGCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 905289_905370
AAAAATCGGCCGGAGTGAAATATTTTGCCCCGTTTGAACCGGCACAGATTCAGGCGCTTATTCCACTGGCGAAAGATATTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 738433_738514
GCATTCTTATGACAAGAGTCGCCGTAAGGGAGCGATTCATGTCATTAGTGCGTTCTCAACAATGCACAGTCTGGTCATCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1463975_1464056
CGTCGCAAAAACTGGCCGATGTACAGACACTTTTGCATGAAGCGGGTGTGGCGGATAACGTGATTTGTTTTGAAGCGCAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 64565_64646
CGCGAATGCATCGCGCTGGTTATGTCGCGCCTAATCTCGGCGAAGTGCCGCCGCACGCCAGCCCTGGCGGCTACGTGATGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3644122_3644203
TGAGTTGCAGCCGTGGGATATCGCTTACTACAGCGAAAAACAAAAACAGCACCTCTACAGCATCAGTGACGAACAGCTGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2538077_2538158
AAGAATCTCCTTTTGGCAGCGATGAAGGTGCTGATGCTCTAAACGTTCTTGAAAATAGCCTCCGTAAAGAGCCGGATCTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2088677_2088758
AGAAACCACCCCGCGTAATCCAGTAACCAACAGTGGACGAGTATTAGAAGAACTCGAAGACTGGCTGCACAATTTACCCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2896126_2896207
TGGATCTGATAATTACCGGCTGCCAAAGCAGCGAAGGGCAGAATGGGCAAACGCCATTTTTGCTGGCGGAAATGCTGGGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2175651_2175732
ACGTACGCATCAAAAGGCCTTTATTGCCCGTGGGCTGACAGAGGCGTTAACACGTGTGATTGCCATCGTGGTGCAGCCGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4117628_4117709
GTGTTGATCTGGCTGGCACTTTCTCTACTTACCCTAATCCTCATATCAATTTTGTGCAGGCTTTCGCAGTTGAGATGGTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4441818_4441899
TGCCGAAGCGGTACGCATTGTTTACGATCCTTCCGTCATCAGCTATGAGCAGTTGCTACAGGTATTTTGGGAGAATCACGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 251386_251467
GATTACGCCGGCAGAAGTTCCGGCATTTTTACAAACCTTACCGCTGGCAAAAATCCCCGGCGTCGGCAAAGTCTCAGCGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 892379_892460
TGGTGGTCAAGTTGGTTGAAGGCACGCAGGGAATTGGCGTCGTGCTGGCGGAGACGCGTCAGGCGGCGGAAAGCGTGATTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1448229_1448310
GACGTCACATCCTCATGTTGCGAAAATCAGTTTTACCGGTTCAACCGCGACGGGAAAAGGTATTGCCAGAACTGCTGCTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1211589_1211670
GTTAAATATTGAAACGGGCGTATAACACGCCCGTTGTTTTATTTATGTGGATATTATTAATAGCATATCGAGCATATTTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2925733_2925814
TGGCGTTATATCGTCTTGATGAACTGGAAGGCCAGCCGATAGGTCATTTTAATGGCACTTGCATTGATGACCAGGATATCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2478476_2478557
ACCCACAGAGTTTGCAGATCTCAAAGTTCGCGATGAAAAAACACTACCGTCATTAGGCGCAACGTTATTCACCATACTGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4345204_4345285
GGCTGGGGTTGAGTCGTAATCCGTATGACAAGCTGGGGCACTTTTTCCAGGGGCTGGTGCCTGCACTGGTGGCACGAGAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2752586_2752667
CGGCGTACTTGATATGCTGGAAGAAGCTACCATCCAGATTGCTGAAGCCAGCGATGAACTGCGCCACTACTGCGATCGTCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 333928_334009
TAATAATCAGGCCAATATCGCCATCGGCGCACCCGATACACTACTGGACGGCGGCGGTATTGATTACACTGAAATTGGCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 658385_658466
TTCAGGAATCACGCCGTGTTGATGCTGGTAATGAAATCGCTCCGTTACTGGAGGTGGAAGGGATGAAGGTCGGTCTGATGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2954193_2954274
TTCCGTTTACCTTTCGAACCGCGACAGTGTTTTTGAAACTCTGGAAGCGCAGGAAATGCTTTGGTTGTTGCAGGCGGTGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1191262_1191343
CGCCCACATCGCCGCTTACCCGGAAGTTGACTGGCATCAGTTCAGCGAAGAGTTCGTCACCTCGCTGGGTATTCAGTGGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4075022_4075103
TAATCATTTGCGGATAATCACCAACAGCCTGCGTGTGGCGCATATTCTTTACCACAACCCGCGCTTTGAAGTGATGGTGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2789434_2789515
GCGCCAGCCGCACCGCGTGATGGAGCTACACAACGACGGCACGTATGTCGAAGAGATAACCGATTACGTGCTGATGATGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1465074_1465155
TATTTTGTCCCTTTAATTATAAAGCAGAGTTATGTTTAAGCTCTGCTTTATTTATTTGAGTATTAATTCATACCGTTTTTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2618386_2618467
TTGAGTGTATTGCAGGCGATGAGTTGTGGGAGATGGCGATTTTCGATCTCTACAATCGAATTCTGGAATCGGGCAAAACAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2210061_2210142
GCACGGTCGTTGGCTCTGGCATTGCCGGAGAAGCAAAGCTTGATCATCTGCGGCTGGTGTCTTTAGGTATGCGTTGCTGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1114838_1114919
TTGCATCAGAGAAAAATTCCAGCCGGTCAGCAAAAAAGAGATGCTGCACATGCGGGAAGTGGTGACATCACTTAAAAACCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3932211_3932292
TTGCCTCGCAGGCGGTTATCTCTGGCGTCTTCTCATTGACGCGTCAGGCGGTACGTCTGGGATATTTGTCGCCGATGCGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1179956_1180037
TGCATGGGGAACTGCTGAAAGTGCGTTGTTCACAAAGTGGTCAGGTTCTCGACTGGACAGGAGACGTTACCCCAGAAGATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 518705_518786
CACACCAGCTCACCATGCGCCTGTTACCCGCGATGTTACCGCACGGTGAAGGGCGTATTGTGATGACATCATCGGTGATGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4161408_4161489
TATGGAGTTCATCGGTAATAATCCTAACGCCTTCCGGTTATTATTGCGGGAACGCTCCGGCACCTCCGCTGCGTTTCGTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3833339_3833420
GCTATGGCAGTGGGATAAATGGCAGCCAGGTCTGGCGATTTATGACTTTACCAATCCGGATGCCTGCAAATGGTACGCCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4590165_4590246
GCTGATCTCTTCCGGTACGACGCCAAAACTGCTGGCTAATGAAACCGACGCGCGTTTCATCGGCTACGGCGCAATGCTGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4344820_4344901
ATGCGATATGTTTATCAGGCCACGTCTTAATGTAATGCTTTGGATTTGCAAATTTTGTAGACCGGATAAGGAATTCACGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3504378_3504459
ACGGGTCAGCGCCGCGCCGTTTTGCGAAAAGCTGAACATCCCCGGAAACAGCGAAGTGTTCCATCTCTGCCGGGTGATGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1327250_1327331
CCGTGAAGTTGAACGTGAATATGCCGTGCGTGTATTTGGTCAGGTTGACGACGCGAAACTGCGTGATTTGAGTCGTGGCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1408502_1408583
CGATGCGTTGACCGATCATTCCAGTGAATTTATCGAGCAGCTGCACGATAAAATTATCGACCTTGAAGATAATCTCCTTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3279515_3279596
TGGAAGCCCATCGTCACGCCTTTGAAAAGCAAGGTTTGAATGCCATCTGGCCACGCATCATTGCCCTGGTGGTTCAACCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3748869_3748950
GCCACGCAATGGCACAACGCTGCGGGGGTGAAATTCAGATAGAGCTGTTCGGTAACTGGACGCTGGACGACGCCCGCGACT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3465842_3465923
GCCCGACAAACTCACCTTACCGCTGCTCTGGCTTGGCTTGGTATTTAATGCGCAGTATGGATTAATTGATTTACATGATGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1831333_1831414
ACCCATCCAGGGGGAAGGCGGTGTGGTGCCAGCCAGCAACGCGTTTTTACAAGGTCTGCGTGAATTGTGTAACCGCCACAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1010878_1010959
AAAGATGCAGGTGGAAGAGGCCAGCCGCTCCGGTAAAATCGTTTTCGAAATGGAAGACGTTTGCTACCAGGTTAACGGTAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4339348_4339429
CCATGCGCGGCGAACCTGGCGATCACAACGGTCCTACCGTTTTCGCCACCCACTCCACCCACAAACTGCTGAATGCGCTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3746548_3746629
ACTCGCGCGCACCGGTTAAAACCCCCGCCGACCTGAAAGGGCTGAAAATCCGCACCAACAATAGCCCGATGAATATCGCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3898993_3899074
CGAGCATGATCAGAAACTGGCGCGTGAAGGCGGACTGGATTTGGTGGTGCTGGGATTAGGTGCAGATGGTCATTTTTGTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1944812_1944893
TACCCTGATTGGTGCAACCACGCGCGCAGGTTCGCTGACATCACCGTTGCGCGACCGTTTTGGTATTGTGCAACGTCTGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3967007_3967088
CAACCACCCGGATTGTGTGCTGATGGTTCTGCTGATCGACGAACGTCCGGAAGAAGTAACCGAGATGCAGCGTCTGGTAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1752740_1752821
AGCAAACTTTGTCCATACCACCATCTTCCCGAACGGGCCGAAAGATTTTGAAGATAAAGACGATGGTCGTGTGATTGGTAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 130294_130375
CACTATTCAGCAGCATCGACTGGGACGACGACGATCATGACCATCATCATCATGACAATGATGATTATCATCACCACGATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3406552_3406633
TCAGGTACTGGCTGACGGTCAGGGCAACGCTATCTATCTGGCGGAACGTGACTGCTCCATGCAACGCCGCCACCAGAAAGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3483674_3483755
TGCTGGCCTGTTTGCTGGCAAAGGAAGGCAATGATCTCCCGGTTGATGCGGCGGTGATTGTCTCTGCGCCGTTTATGCTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3377062_3377143
GGTAGCTCGCGGTGAAAGCCGTCTGTACATGCATCGCATCGAAAAAGACTGGTACACGCTGATGAACACCATCATCAACGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3535153_3535234
GGTGCGTTCCGTTACCCGTGCCTTTAACCATATGGCGGCTGGTGTTAAGCAACTGGCGGATGACCGCACGCTGCTGATGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4174512_4174593
AGGCTTCCCGGAATCGTATGATATGCATCGCCTGGTGAAGTTTGTTTCCGATCTCAAATCCGGCGTGCCAAACGTTACAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4494865_4494946
CTGTTCATCATTAAAAAAACAGTATCGTGATATTTTACGCAAGGGTAGCCCCCATGTTCATTTCCTCTGGTTAGATGGCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2262891_2262972
GAAAGAGGCGGGGGCAGTTGACGCCACTTTCGTCACCAAAGCCATCAATGAACAACCGCTGAATCTCGGACAGGGTATCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1731356_1731437
TTGAACCAGAAAAGTTGCTGCAAATTGTCCGCGAGGCGGTAGGCAGCTCGGCACTTTTCGCCGCCCGTTTTCGCGAATGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1894453_1894534
AATGGGTCAGGACGCTTTTAATCACATATAAAAAGCGTCCTTTTTCTCACAATCAAATGATCATCGGCTTCTATAACGAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1373623_1373704
CTACGGCATTGTTAACTACCTCGGCGTCGATCTTCTGCATCTCTATGAGCAGGCACCGCTGTGGTTCGATAATCCGGGCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1479977_1480058
TCGTTTATATGCTAACAAATCGCAAAAATTTGATTATCAGCATGAAGACTGCACAGGACCATCAGCGGATCGATGGCGGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 138695_138776
ATCTGCCTGATGCGCTACGCTTATCAGGCCTACGCTAGCTGTGCAATCCATTGATTTTGCACAATTTTGTAGGCTGGATAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2894444_2894525
GGACGGCATTATCAGTACCAAAGCCTCAATGTTGAAAGCGGCAAGAGCGGAAGGTTTTTTCTGTATTCATCGCCTGTTTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4081503_4081584
GTAAGATCGTCGTCAACGAGGAAGTAGGTGACACCGGGCGTTATAACTTCGGTCAGAAATGCGTTTTCTGGGCGGCGATTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1559423_1559504
GCTGTCGATTCCTTCGTTGGTACTGACAATGGCACTGGCTGCCGCTCTCGGGCCGAGTTTGTTTAACGCCATGCTGGCTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4084258_4084339
AAACTACTGGGGCAACTACCCGAAATTCTTCGTCTCTATGATGAAGGCCTTCTTTGGTGATAAAGCGACGGCGGAAAATAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 812569_812650
CGCCGGATTACGCGCGCTTGAACAACAGGCTGACTGGGTGTTAGTGGAAGGTGCTGGCGGCTGGTTTACGCCGCTTTCTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2361781_2361862
GGAGTCATCAGCCACTATCAGCGTGCGTTCCCATGAAGGAAAAAGCCTTTCGCTTTATCGCTCCGGAATAGGTAAATGCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3440495_3440576
ATGTGCCGGCTTCTACCCGAATTCATTCGGAAGAAGATGAGCGCCCAATCGGCCGTCTGCTGGTCGACGCATGCTACAGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3180040_3180121
GGCACCAGCCCAGGCTGGCATGGCACCAGAAAACCAGGCGCAGGCCCAGCAATCCAGCGGGAGTTTCTGGATGCCGCTGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1350606_1350687
CATCAGCTCCTACAGCTTCGTTGCAATGGCAAAAGCTTGCCGCTCCATGCTGAATCCGGGTTCTGCCCTGCTGACCCTTTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 953998_954079
TTTTAATGTGGCTTTCCGGCGAGTATATGACCGCAAATGGTCAATGGGGACTAAACGTCCTACAAACCGCCGACCACAAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4546375_4546456
TCGGGAAAAACATGGGGGCACTGGGCGCTCTGTCTGTGGATATGACGCAGGCTAATTCCACACTTCCCGATGACAGTCAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3103500_3103581
AATTATGGAGTTTGAGCGAGCAGGTGACGCCCGCGGTTGGCGTGGAACGGTTTAATCAGGCGATGATGGATTTGGGTGCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2237209_2237290
TGTCGGGGCGTCGCCAATTTCTGGTTTTGACAGTGGCTTCTCTACCTTTGCTCAGGGCTTTGTCGCGCTGGGGAGTTTCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3894896_3894977
AATATAACTACTCGGTACCGGGTGGGCTGAAAAATGCCATCGACTGGCTTTCCCGCCTGCCGGATCAACCGCTGGCCGGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1806795_1806876
AGGTGTGAAGCTGGAAAAATTAACCCAACTGATTTCCGCTGCGCAAAAACAAGGGATCCGCTGCATCGTCGACAGTTCTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3917794_3917875
GCAATGTTGTTGCCCAGGTCACCGGCATGGGGGATAACCCTTCCCTGTCCGAACTGATCGGTCCGGTAAAAGTGATGTTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4450401_4450482
GCAAACCATGCAACGTGGTGGAGCTGCAGGGCACCGTTGGGGCCAGCGTCGCCATTGACCGTAAGAAAGGCTTTGCCGAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4331214_4331295
ACCGTGAAGGTTTGCAGGATGGCCCGAAAGTCTCGTTTAAAGAGATTGCCACTAAATACTGGCGCAGCCTGTTGACATGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1727168_1727249
CGCGCGTGAAGCCGGTTTTGATCTGGTAGAGCTCCACTCTGCTCACGGTTATTTGCTGCATCAGTTCCTTTCTCCTTCTTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4054534_4054615
CCATTCGTCAGGGGCGTTTTGAACAGGCCGATGGCGGTACATTATTCCTCGACGAAATTGGTGATATGCCGCTGGATGTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 808573_808654
GTCATGAAATCGCGGCGGTGATCATTGAGCCGATTGTCCAGGGCGCAGGCGGGATGCGCATGTACCATCCGGAATGGTTAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2577198_2577279
ATGGCGATCAGGATCTGAGCTTTGGTCCGGAATACATCATTCCAAAACCGTTTGATCCGCGCTTGATCGTTAAGATCGCTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2256671_2256752
GGGCGTACCAATTGACTACCTGTTAGCGGCATCGCTGATGGCGATCCCTGGCGGGATTTTGTTTGCACGTATTCTTAGCCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2615311_2615392
TCTATCTGGTGCTGGTGCCATTGATGGTCTTCTTCCTGCTGAAAGACAAAGAGCAGATGCTGAACGCCGTTCGCCGGGTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3850392_3850473
GCTGGTTGAGCAGGCGCTTAACGCGGGGGCACGCGGCTTTCTTTCCAAACGCTGTAGCCCGGATGAACTCATTGCTGCGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3882988_3883069
AGTTTAAACGCTACTACCGTTCCGTAGATGCACTGCTGATCGACGATATTCAGTTTTTTGCTAATAAAGAACGATCTCAGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1535372_1535453
CGATTATCAACGCGCTTCATCTCACTGAGGACGATATTCTGCCAGGCTTGCCAATTCAGGTGGCAACAACAGGACACTCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4307295_4307376
GGATGGGGTTCGCAGTGTGGATGAACGGTGCGCCGTGGACGGGTGCACACGGTGTGGCAGGCGAACTGGGTCATATCCCCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1724355_1724436
GCCAGCCAGCCACCAAAGATGGCAAAGCCAGCGCCGCGGAATCCGCAGGCGGGCATCTTGATCCACAAAATACCGGTAAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3100166_3100247
AGCCTCCGCCAACCGTGGCGTGCTGGTAGTGATGAATGACACCGTGCTTGATGGCCGTGACGTCACCAAAACCAACACCAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 239765_239846
TGAGCATCTACATTATAAAGCGGGCAATGCGCGAGTGATTGTGGAATGGCGCGGCTGGCGTATTTTGCCGCTGGTGTGCTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 344544_344625
GGTATATGACCAGGATGATGCGTTTCTTGATATTAAAGCAAACGTGCAGGCTGGACGCTTTACCGGGCTTAAGAAATTAGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3093179_3093260
TCGCGGGTTTATTTTGCATACTCCGCCCTCCAATTTTGCTTCCAGCATTCGCATTTCAGACAACACGGTAATGACCACTTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 805842_805923
ATCGCATCGAATCTGTAGGCCAGATAAGGCATTTTCGCAGCATCCGGCACTTATTGTCGGATGCGATGCTTGCGCATCTTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3263017_3263098
GCTGCTGAATCTGGCGGAAGATGACTCCGGCCTGGTTGTGGCGCATCTTGGCAATGGCGCGTCAATCTGCGCGGTTCGCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1261362_1261443
ACGTATTTGGTAGCCCGATCCTGCTGGAAGACATGCTGCAGCTGAATCTGGATAACCCAATTGTGGTTTCTCCGGACATCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2740576_2740657
TCGTACAACGGAATCGCAAACTCACCGTGAAATGGCCTCCGGGCTTTCCATGCCGGTTGGTTTTAAAAACGGCACCGACGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3142098_3142179
AATGGCTGACACGCGGTAAAGGTGCGGTGAACTACCTGAGCGTGCCGGAATTCCCGACCGACAGTAAAAACGGCAGCTTCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3876507_3876588
CAGCTACTACACGGTGCATGAATCCTTCGTTGCCACCATTCCGCTGGTGTTCTGCGAAGCGGAGAAAATGGACCCCAATAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4031787_4031868
TACCGACGTACCTTACAGCAACATTGTGGCGCTTAACGAACACGCTGCGGTACTGCATTACACCAAACTGGACCATCAGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1363447_1363528
CGATATCGACGCCATTGCCTTTACCGGTTCAACCCGTACCGGGAAACAGCTGCTGAAAGATGCGGGCGACAGCAACATGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1292398_1292479
TGAGCAATCGACGCCGTTTTTTTATAGCTTATTCTTATTAAATTGTCTTAAACCGGACAATAAAAAATCCCGCCGCTGGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 471487_471568
GTATGCGTTTATCAGCTATCTTGGGCGACTTAACGAACCATTAATCGAACTGACCACGCAACAGGCGATGCTGCAACAGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4612908_4612989
ACCTGGCTTTTATCGTAGCGGAGTGTCGCTGGAAGGCATTAACTACCTGGATGGCGGGATCAGTGATGCGATTCCGGTTAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2078289_2078370
GACGCCAGCCTGAATACAGCTGGCGTTTTCATTTATAAACAGAAAGGAAAACCGATAATAATGGAATGGACGCCCCGACCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2621676_2621757
CGTTGGCGTGGTAGAAAAATCAGAAATCATCGACGGCTCTAAAGTCAGCGACGGCGATGTGCTGATTGCACTCGGTTCCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 586488_586569
AAGCGGAGTTGACGCGCGCATTGCTTTTTACCGTATTGTCTAACTTTCTTGAGCAATCGCGGTTTATTGCCCTACTGATGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3363958_3364039
TCTGGTTCCCCTGCCCGATTTAACAGTGAGCAGCCAAATTAGTACATCGCAGGATACGAAAGACTCACTGCAAGGACAGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2015338_2015419
GCGCCACGACGTGATGTTGCGTATCGCCACCTTTGGCGGCGTGCAGCCAGCCGCGCTGGCGGAGCTGACCGAAGTACTGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4525370_4525451
TCCGGACTCTGTACCGACGAGCAAAAGCTGGATTGGCAAAAAACTTGAGTTGCATATTACCGCGTTGGGTAAGGCATTATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3543567_3543648
TGTGTTGGCTGGATTGTTTCGCCGATCCCAAACTGGCAAGGCAGCTTTATGCCTCCGCATTTCCGCTGATTGATGTCACCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3612350_3612431
GTTTGAAGTGCGCCACGTCCCTTACAAAATGCGTTTTGCGCTGAATAATCCACAGATTCACATCGCGGGATTACACCGCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3398042_3398123
CAGAGCATGCGGCGCAGATGTTGCGCAAATTATCGGGTCAGACCCATCAGGTGATGACAGCAGTGGCGTTGGCCGACAGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3325929_3326010
TCCTGGCCGTTTCGACCGTCAGGTTGTGGTCGGCTTGCCAGATGTTCGCGGTCGTGAGCAGATCCTGAAAGTTCACATGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2234613_2234694
ACAACGAAGTCGGTAACACACTCACCCTTGAGCAGCTGAAAGCAGAAAACCGCGCGGTACTGGTCACCGTGGGGTTATCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 38467_38548
CCGGTAAAGGCGAAAGTATCGACATCGCCATGTATGAAGTGATGCTGCGTATGGGCCAGTACTTCATGATGGATTACTTCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2308977_2309058
TTTTCATAATTTATGTCAACGTGCGGCTACGGCGGCGGGCTATCCAGATTTCCAGCCAGATGCTTGTCTTATCAACCGCTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 455743_455824
GCCACAAAGCTGGCGAAGAGTTCACCATCGACGTGACCTTCCCGGAAGAATACCACGCAGAAAACCTGAAAGGTAAAGCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3195221_3195302
AAATCCTCCCTTACCCTTGTTCCTTTACTCTAGGTTGAAAAAACAACAGCGTCAATAGGCCTGCCATGTACGAAGCGAGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4487820_4487901
GTGACGAAGAGTTAGGTGGCATCAGCATTTATGCCTTTAACGAGAATCGTCGTCTGCAATCCGTACGCTATGCCGCTACTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 215585_215666
AAAAGTCATATTATCGGGCGAAAGGCGATGCGCTGGAGATGCTCGATCGTGAAGGCAATCCGATTGAATCGCAGTTCAACT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3132794_3132875
GAATCTACGCAAGGTTCAGCGACTGGCGCAAAGTGGCGTTCTGGTGGTCAGCGATCGCTTCCCGCAGGCTGAAATTTCGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3577289_3577370
CTATGCAGCGCACTAATAAAGTGTCGCTGATCGTCTGTTCTGCATTGAAAAAACACTATCGCGACTTGCTGCGTGAAGGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3394319_3394400
AAAACTGCTGATTGACGCTGACATTAAAGGTCCGGGTAAAGCCGTTGGCCCTTACTTTGATGAGACACCGCTGAAAGATTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1595287_1595368
ATAACCCTCTGACGACGCTCAATTTGCTGGAACACGACGATAGCCATGTCGGCGTTCAACTGGTGAAGGCGCAAACGGTTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3038428_3038509
GGAAAAACACGTCATCACCGTGTTTACTGATATTACCTGTGGTTACTGCCACAAACTGCATGAGCAAATGGCAGACTACAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 731640_731721
CCGCAGCGAGGATGAGGGGCTGGTCACCCACTGGCACTATGACGAAGCAGACCGCCTCACGCACCGCACCGTGAATGGCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1858272_1858353
CGATGCTGGCAGATGTTAAACCGGGTAAGAAGATAATTATTCTGGGAGCAGGTTGTATTGGTTTGATGACGTTGCAAGCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3642717_3642798
CGTGCGGATGCTGGAGCGTAATCCAGTGGTTGCCGCGCTACTCGACGACGGCCTGGCGCGTGGTTATGCGGATGCGGAAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1495920_1496001
TGCTGATGTGGTCTGTTTTCCTGGATGCCATATCAACCACCTGACGCCACGTACGCTGGATATTGACCGGGTGCAGTCGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2442728_2442809
TAAACCGCTTTTTCTCTAATGCGTTTACTTTTGCTCGTCGGTTTTACGACCAATTACCCGTTAAATTTGATCATGACTGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1880401_1880482
AATTCTTTACGCGACCCTGAAGGGTAAAAATAGCGAGGCCAAATCCGATGAGCCCCAATACGGTGCTATTTTTAAACGCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2419472_2419553
TCAAATGCTGCTGCATTTCCCGATAACCGCGCCGTGGCAACAGGTATTACTGGAAAAACAACGTCTGTTTTTGACGCATGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2504989_2505070
TGATGGGGAAAGCCTTTGATGACCGCCTCGGTTGCTATCTGCTGGTGACGTTACTGCGCGAACTGCACGACGCCGAACTAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2443791_2443872
CGGATGCGGCGTGAACGCCTTATCCGACCTACGTGTGACGTGTAGGCCTGATAAGACGCGATAAGCGTCGCATCAGGCATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3874776_3874857
GAAATCTGGTGGAACCGGCGATTGCCCGTTGGGCAGCAGAGCGCGCGACTTCCAGCGATCTGGCGCAGATTGAATCGGCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3875727_3875808
TTGCCGATGACGCAAGATTTGTTTTAAATGCGGGGAAAAAGAAATTTACCGGCACAATATCGCTTTACTACTACTGGAATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 178023_178104
TCAACTGGCCCCCTGGAGTCCGCAACCAGACAAGGCCGAACAAGCCGCGCAATCCCTGCTGGATCAGTACGCGCAATTGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1284334_1284415
GCATCTTCTGCTATCCGCGTATTGAAGCGGGTCAGCCGACCGTGTGCTCAGAAACCTGTGTCGGTCGTATCCGTTATCTTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3873264_3873345
ATAGTGAAGTGATCCGCCGTGCGGTGGGCTACGGCATGACCGTCTGCCCCGGCTGCGCGACGGCGACCGAAGCCTTTACCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2826832_2826913
ACTGGCGAAGGTGGGAATGGGCATGGGGTCCACCGTTGCGGTGCTGTTTCAATCTGGTCGTGACACCATCGACACTGTATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 967456_967537
TGACTGCCGGTACGATTACCGTTGTTTTCTCTTCAATGATTGCACTGATGCGTCCGCTGAAATCGCTGACCAACGTTAACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2897162_2897243
AAGCTCACGCTATCGTGCATCGCTATTTTGGTCCCCATGTTTTACTGGGCGATGAAGTGGTAACGGCGACCCATAAACACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 388660_388741
GGTCCCCTCGCCCCCTTGGGGAGAGGGTTAGGGTGAGGGGGCGTTCACCGTACTTTCAACAGGTTAACTCCCCCTTTCTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2574613_2574694
TGGAGCAGGGCGCAATGCAGCCGAGCTTCAAATCGGTGACCGGCAAAGGCGGCATCAAAGTGATTGATGGCAGTAGCGTCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2921385_2921466
GAAAGAGCTGGAGTACATCGCCGCGGGTGGTGCGCTGATCAATATGGATCAGCAAAACACCAAAGTTAAAGTGCCGTTCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3314639_3314720
CGTTGAAACTGAAAACGGCATGATCACCTTCCTGGACACCCCGGGGCACGCCGCGTTTACTTCAATGCGTGCTCGTGGTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2069515_2069596
ATGCCAAACGTGTTTACCGGATCATGCGCCAGAATGCGCTGTTGCTTGAGCGAAAACCTGCTGTACCGCCATCGAAACGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1301958_1302039
CAACCGCTACCGTAGTGGTGAAATCGACATGACGAATAACAGCATGCCGATCGAATTGTTCCAGAAGCTGAAAAAAGAGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2358404_2358485
GTGTCGGGGCCAGTGTGGCACGGGCTGCGCGCTGGGGACGCATTGAGAATTACATGGCGCAAGTTAACGATTCGCTTTGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3835199_3835280
GCGGGAAGATTTACGTGATATCTGGCAAAACGACCAGTGGCGGATTGTCGGTTTACTAACCATTTTCAATATCCTGGCGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2649767_2649848
TCGATAAAACCTGGAATCGTCATGATCTGTATTTAAGTACGCTGGTGGTACGTCCTGGCGATAAATCTCGCTCCGCGACGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 498497_498578
CGCGCAAACGTAGCATTCCGGGGATATCGTTTATACGTGATTACGCCGATAACCACGATTACATTAATGCACTGGCGAACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1545010_1545091
ATTGTTGCAGGTAATAAAAATGAACTCTTACTGCTGGATCTATCCCATAATAAACTAACAAGTTTACACAATGACTTATTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 711161_711242
GATTGATTTCAACGGCAAACTGGTTGCGCTGTTTGGTTGTGGTGACCAGGAAGATTACGCCGAATATTTCTGCGACGCATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2983667_2983748
TTATTACAATTGCGCACCCGCGCATACGACGTATCCCACCAAAAAAGTCACACCGGACGAAGTATCTCCAGTCACGTTAGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2386306_2386387
TCAGCAAGTACCGAAAACAGGCGTGCAGCTGGTCGCCTATGCGTCGGAAGAACCGCCCTTCTTTCGTAGCGATGAAATGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 327958_328039
CAGCGGCAAAAAAGTGATGGCTAACTCGGCGGCCTCTTCCCTGAAAGAAGTGACCATGGAACTGGGCGGTAAATCACCGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3328122_3328203
AGGGGTTTTCCGCAGGCAGGAGAGCAAAATGCCACGCTCTGTTCGTTGATAAAAGGCCGCATAGCGGCCTTTTTCCTTTCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4073084_4073165
GGCTGGCGGCACCGCTGAACAAGTTGAACGTGCCACACCGATCCTGATGGCGATGGGCAGTGAGTTGATCAACGCTGGCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 263009_263090
CAGCTGGTGTAAGTAAATTCTATCAACGAAGATCAATCTTATCTACTGACCAAAAAGGCCTGATAGGGCTTCGCTCACTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4053493_4053574
GCGCTGGGCAACAAAACCTGTTGAAATTATTGCTTTTGTAGGCCGGATAAGGCGTTTACGCCGCATCAGGCATCTGAGCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 50762_50843
GGATCTGCAGACCGCCAAAGAGTGCGCACGCGATGTAGAAGCGGTGCTATCGAGTGACTCCTATCCCTTCTTTCTTGATGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 184624_184705
TCGCCCTGTTGGTACAGAAAAAAATCACTTAATTGGCGAGACGTTGAAATCAGCGGGCATCACGGTGTTGTTTAACCAGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3305156_3305237
GTTGATGACCCTGCCGTTCTGTCTGGCATCGTTTGGTTATCACGGTAACGTGCCAAGCCTGATGAAGTATTACGGCAAAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1740477_1740558
TAGTCAGGATGGTCTGACCTTTACCGACCTGCTACGTTCTAAAACCTATCGCGGCAACGTGCTGATATACGCAGCCTGTTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4269731_4269812
CAATGGCTGGGATGAATTCAGCATTCCAAAAGAGGTCGCTCGCCAGCTGATTGATATGCATGTACGCCGCGGTGACGCGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3243996_3244077
GACCAAACGTCTGGATCACTTCGCCGCTCACGGCTGTAAAGTGTCTGACCACGCGCTGGATGTGGTGATGTTTGCTGAAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2970737_2970818
AATCCACGAATCCATTGAAGGTGAAGAAGAAGGGCTGAAAACACGCGTTTCATCATTCCTCGGCGCTATCGTGCAGATTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1749916_1749997
TACTGGCATGCTGGCTCGGCTTTGTGCTGATCAATGCCGTTGGGGATAATGGTCACCACTATCGCATTCGTCGTCAGGGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4638815_4638896
CTGGCGGGCGTAATAGCGAAATGACCTTAACCAGCAACTGGCCGCATCCCAGTTTTTTAGGTGATTTTCTACCAGCCAAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3773198_3773279
GACACCAAAAGGTGCTTACTTCGCTAACATCGCGGGTGTGTGTGCGGCGATGGCTGTCTCCTTCGTTGTCTCTGCTATTTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 960607_960688
TCTACAGTGGCCTGATGGACATGATGAATGACAACGAAATTGAAGGCGTTCTGGGCCATGAACTGGGCCACGTCGCGTTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4231253_4231334
CCCAAAAGTGCCCGGACAGTCCCCTCGCCCCTTCGGGAAAAGGGTTAGGGTGAGGGGAAAATTGTGTTCACACTGACGAGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3011888_3011969
AACAGGGTTACACTCTGAAAGAAGATGCTGGTCGCGGCTATCGCCGTGTTGTTGCCTCGCCAAAACCGGTTGATATCATTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1975753_1975834
CGATCTGGTCCAGGAAGGTCTACGTATTCAGATCATCGATAGCCAGAATCGCCCGATGTTTAGAACCGGCAGTGCCGATGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3015410_3015491
AGGCCGCAGTACCCGCAGTGCAAACAGAACATTGTTTTCTCACCCACGGTGACATGCCAACCCTCACCATCGATATTTTTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1832792_1832873
TCCCGGCAAAAGCGCAGTTTTATCAGAATCTGCAAAACTACCTGGAAACCGAACTCAAACGTGATAATCCGGTACTGATTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2011112_2011193
CTGCGCCTTTATTTATCACCAGCAGGAAACGCCTTGTCCATAGACGCCCCTTCCACATGCGCCACAAGAAACCTCTATTCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 786725_786806
ATGAATCACCACAGGCCTGATAAGTCGCGCAGCGTCGCATCAGGCAATGTGCTCCATTGTTAGCAACAAAAAAGCCGACTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3498475_3498556
TGAAGTGGTGCTGGTTGGTGCAGGTCCGGGCGATGCCGGGCTGCTGACACTGAAAGGACTGCAACAAATTCAGCAGGCAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 297278_297359
ATTTAAATACACCACGTTTCCTCCTGTGCCGTATTTGTGCCATTGTAACCTTGGCAATTCATCAAAATACTGTTCTGACAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4125672_4125753
TCTTGGCTCCGCAACGCCCGCGCTGGAAACGTTATGCAACGTCCAGCAGAAAAAATACCGCCTGCTGCGCCTGACCCGTCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2173560_2173641
TATTCAGCGCAAATTTGGTCCATTTGGCGAGCCTGTCACCGTGGGTTTTGTGATGGGGCTGATTATCGGCATCCTCGCGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1717640_1717721
TCCGCGCGTTAGCCTGCTGTTCCCGTGGCATACCCTTGAGCGCCAGGTGATGGTGATCGGTAAAGCAGAACGACTTTCGAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2995628_2995709
CAGAAGAAGTTGATGTTTTTATCAAAATTTTTGAAAGTTGGGTAACAAAATTACCATCAATATCAGGTCCTGTAAATCTCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1039825_1039906
TTGGGATGGTGATTTTGCAAGGTGGCGTCTGGTTACAACTGAAAACTGTTGGTGTGATTCATCTGCGTTCACAGCTGGCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4600567_4600648
CCGGCAAAAACCATCTGGCGGCGGCAATCTGCAACGAGCTGCTGCTACGCGGTAAATCCGTATTGATCATCACCGTGGCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4438946_4439027
GCTGATTGAAGCGATTAAATCAGCGAAGTTACCGCACGATCGTTACCAGACCACCACCATTGTTAACACCGACGACGCGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1552155_1552236
TAGCGCATCAGGCAATGTTGCGTTTGTCATCAGTTTCAAATGGCGCTGTAAAAGGCGTCATTTTCATATTGTAGACAACGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 743159_743240
GCTGGCGGCGTTACTGGGGATCACGGTCATGGGCGAAATTGAGCCGTTGGTGCCGTGGGGCGAACTGACCATGCCTGTGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1136783_1136864
TATTGAACGTGAATTGCCCAGCCAGTTTGGCGTCGGGAATACCCTTAATTTGCAACTTAACGACGAAGATTTCAGCATGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3968428_3968509
AGCAATCGGTATGATTTTGTGGTTCGACGGGCAAACCAGCCTCGCAATCTGGTGCTTTGCGATGATCGCCGCCATCCTGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2672609_2672690
TGCAACGCTATCTTTTACAGCGCCACCAGCAGGCTGGTGTGCGCATTCTGCTCAATAATGCCATTGAACATGTGGTCGATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1817785_1817866
AAATGGCAAGTCGCGCTTTGCCGAATTGCTTGATGGTGTGGCGTCAGGGCAGTTAAAAGCGTCCTCTGTAAAAAATATTTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1060490_1060571
ACGGCGCAGGCACGCCGGGGCGTAAAGGCGTTATTCTGAGTGGTTTCTCCGGCTCTACGTCGATTCCGCCTGTTCACGACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4418036_4418117
GTGGCAAGCCAGTGCAAATCATCACTAATTATCTACCGCTGGCAAATTACCTGATCGATCAAGAACATGACAGCGTGATCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2880672_2880753
AAGTCATGAAACGATTCAAACATGGCGCGAATATTTATGTGATGCCTCCTTTACCGTCGCTCTCTGGTTAACACCCCATGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4435554_4435635
TGACGCAGGCGAAAGCGGAAGCACGACCGATTTACGACATCGCTAATAAAAAATCCCTCGCGGCGGAAGACAGCAAGCTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 19676_19757
GATTTTGACTCGGCTCATTATTTGCCCGCTTGAGACATTGTTTCCATATGTACGCGGGCGAATAAATAGAGGAATCTGATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1824610_1824691
AGCCTTTTGCCTTTGCAGCGGACCAGGTGGTAAAAGCGAAACTGACGGCAGGGCAGATGTCGATGGATTTCAACATCATGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2674213_2674294
TGTCACCAATCAAGGGGCAGAGACGCTGCCATTTGGTACCGGCTGGCATCCTTATTTTCCGTTGTCGCCGCAAACGCGGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2808865_2808946
CACAAATGAAATCAGAAACCCACCTCAACTACCCACAGTTGTTGGGTTCCGTTTTCAGTATGTTTATCAGCGATAAAATTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4006739_4006820
GACGGTGGCGTTCGGCATGGGCATCAATAAACCAAACGTTCGCTTCGTGGTCCACTTTGATATTCCGCGCAATATCGAATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 54020_54101
CATTGTCGATCAGGCGCGTAACGGCGCTGATTTCGGTAAGCTGGCGATTGCTCATTCTGCCGACCAGCAGGCGCTGAACGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4610169_4610250
TCCGGTATTCTTCGGTACTGCGCTGGGTAACTTCGGCGTCGATCATATGTTGGATGGCCTGGTGGAGTGGGCACCTGCGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4426986_4427067
GCAAGATGTCGAATCCTTCGAACCCAACAGTAAATACACAATACACGAAGTGGTTTTGGGACCTGGTTATGGTACTCCAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3872385_3872466
TGAGTTTGGTCTTGATTTCCACGGTCGCGTCAGCGCGCCGATGGCGAAAGTGCTGATTAAAGAACTGGAGCCGTATCGCCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3473772_3473853
CTCGCCGCGTTGGTGGTTCTACTTATCAGGTACCAGTTGAAGTCCGTCCGGTTCGTCGTAATGCTCTGGCAATGCGTTGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2596266_2596347
TCTATTGCCCGGCGGATGGCACGGTTTATATCGATCTCTCCTTCTATGATGACATGAAAGACAAACTTGGCGCGGATGGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1249402_1249483
ACAGGCGACCCAGGCACGGCAAAGCCTGACACTGGAAGAGCTTTATCAGATGTTCCGCGATGGCGCGGACGGCGTAATCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3990256_3990337
TTATCCGCTCCCTGCGCGGCAACGTCGGCACTCGCCTGAGCAAACTGGATAACGGCGAATACGATGCCATCATTCTTGCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2907253_2907334
CACTGCTGTTGGTGACGAAGGTGGCTATGCGCCGAACCTGGGTTCCAACGCTGAAGCTCTGGCTGTTATCGCTGAAGCTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2709040_2709121
TCCGTGGGCGGCACAGCTTACCCAAATGGGCGTAGCCGCATGCGTATCGCTTGCAGTTATCGTTGGCGTCCAGCACTATAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4147852_4147933
TCAATGAAATGCAAATGCAGCCGCAGGAGCAGCAAACGGCAAGGCTTATCGTCGCCAGCCTGCTTAGCCACTGCCGCGATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2940654_2940735
GTTCTATATGGGCATTCCGCGCCTGAAATTTCCGGCAGATGCGCCGAGTCGTTCCACGCTCAAACTGGAAGAGGCATTTCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1929338_1929419
CGCTGGATGAGCGTACAGCACGTTTGATCCTTGCGCTGGTCTTTGCCGCTAAAAGTGATGGTCATATTGATGCCAAAGAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3608661_3608742
CGCAACATTGAGCGCGATCGGTCCCCTCGCCCCTCTGGGGAGAGGGTTAGGGTGAGGGGAAAAGGCGGCATCGAAGCCAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 643402_643483
GTAAAATGCTTCTGCCATGGTTATTCCCACAAACGAAACGGAATAATTTTGCAGCAAAAGTGAACAGTGAGAACCAGGAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4251454_4251535
ATTGCATTACAGAACAATTGGAATTAACTATTGATTATTCAGATATATTTTGGAATGAAGATCTCGATGGTTATATCAATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4508456_4508537
AATATCCTGGGTTCAAAACCCGGAACGATCTTCACTATGTTAAGGGATACTGGCGGCATAAAACCCCATGAGCGTAAGCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3184100_3184181
CCGTGACCATTGAAGCAGCTGAAGGTGTGACTACCGGTGTTTCTGCCGCTGACCGTATTACGACCGTTCGCGCAGCGATTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4570001_4570082
AAAGATTTTTGTAGACCTGGTCAGGCGTTCACATGGCATCCGGCATGAACAAAGCGTACTTTGCTTAATTCAGGCTGGAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 691306_691387
CAGCATGGACAAAGTGTTACGTCAGGCGGTTGTCGTTCCTGAAAGTAAGCGCGTAGACCGGATGCTGAAAGAGTTTCGCTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1250264_1250345
GCGTGGCGACTCACTGGACGCCTGTGCGGAACTGGGGCGTAAGCTGAATAATCAAGGCCACTCAATAGGTATCGCTCTCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3636770_3636851
CCGCGCGGGTCTGGTGCCATTCACTCTGCATAAACCGTTGCTCGAAGAGTTACAGGTGCTGGCGGGCGTGGCGGTGCCTTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3069338_3069419
CCGTGCCGGAGAATATGTTGACCTGGGCGGCGTAGCCGGTACTGTGCTGAGTGTGCAGATTTTCTCCACCACCATGCGTAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 316788_316869
GCGAATTTAAAAAGTTATTCGGCTGCTCTCCCCGTGAATACCGCCACCGTGATTATTGGGATCTCGCAAATATCTTCCCTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 224502_224583
CGGCCCCCTGGACGAAGACTGACGCTCAGGTGCGAAAGCGTGGGGAGCAAACAGGATTAGATACCCTGGTAGTCCACGCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4000179_4000260
GCCTAAAAAATCATTCAGATTCAATAAATTGCAACGTCATGTAGGCCGGATAGGGCGTTTACGCCGCATCCGGCATCTGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 766933_767014
CCGTACCGTTGATTGTCGCGGGGGGCACGGTGCTGGCGGTCGCGGTATTACTGTCGCAAATCTTCGGGCTACAAGATCTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1835122_1835203
TTCGATGGCCGGCGCGGCGCTGTGCTTTTTTATCGCCAGAGTGATGGGCCGCGAAGTGGTGGAAAAATTAACCGGCAAAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3350093_3350174
GCGCGGCGAAGAATTTAAGCAATTTTGCCAGTCTTGGTAGCGAATGCACCGTTGACCGTGAATTAAAGGCGCTGGCACAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1383423_1383504
TGAAGGTCAATATGCCCATGTTTATTCTGTCGATACCGATAATTTTGGCGACAGCATTGCGTTGACCGATGCATTAATTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2429440_2429521
TTACCCGTCAATGTGCTGACAATCCGGTCAGCAATCCGTGCCTGTTTGAGTATGTATACTTTGCCCGCCCGGACTCGTTTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1167829_1167910
CGCTGTTGCTGGCGGCGTGATAGGGCATCAGTTTGGTGGTGGTCGCGGTAAAGATGTCGCCACTGTTGTGGGGGCGCTGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 818272_818353
TATTGATTACGGGTGGTACTGGCCTGACGGAAGGTGATCAGGCTCCCGAAGCATTGCTGCCGTTGTTCGACCGTGAAGTTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2738286_2738367
TTGGCGAGATGACGTTAACTATCGACCATTGTTTGTTGGTCTCCGGCACTACTGATTTATCCACCATCAATACGGTCTACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4519792_4519873
GATGCTCGGTTCCATGCCATCTCAGCCAGACCTGACGATCATTGAATCCTCATCGCAAATCGCCTACAAGCTTTCAGGCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 634127_634208
AGCAGGCTGATTTCGCCGCTTTGTGGCAGGCGATCGCCGGGCACGAGATTTTTGTCATTAGCGATGAAGTCTACGAGCACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2633298_2633379
AGAGCGTGTTGACGCGCTGGTTGCCGCAGGCGTTGACGTTCTGCTGATCGACTCCTCCCACGGTCACTCAGAAGGTGTACT
>Escherichia coli K-12 195244_195325
TCGCTTTAACTCGCGTTTGCAAGAACGTATTCGTAAATCTGAAGCGCTAACAGCCGGGAATACCGGTCTGACGCTGAATAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4093821_4093902
CCACTGCGAGCGCATTAAAGCCACCAACGGCAAAGATCGGGTGATCATGCACTGCCACGCCACCAACCTGATCGCCCTCAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2242349_2242430
TTGAAGCGATCAGTAATCGTGCCGATGGTGTTGGCAACAGTTTACTGGCACTGGGCGCACAGTATGGCTGGCAACTGGCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3693888_3693969
CGATATGTGGGACGCCACTTTCTTCTGCGGTTCCTGTGCGGTGATTCGTCGTAAGCCGCTGGATGAAATTGGCGGCATTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 921281_921362
TTGATGTCTATCCCGGGAAAGATTTTGGCGATGACGATCCGCAATATCAGCAGGCGCTGAAGTACGACGACTTAATCGCCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1372516_1372597
CCCAGTTTGCGTTATCCAACCAGGCTAACGTCTTTAACGCCGAAGGCAAAATCACCCTTGATACACCAGAGATGATGCAGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 741776_741857
AGTGGTCGGTATACGCCTTAATTGTCGCGACTATTATTGGCCTGGGTGTACTGGCAAAAATTTATCGCAAAGCAGAAAACC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1897575_1897656
CCATGCAGGCATGTATCGATCGCGGGATGAACACCGAAGGTGTACTGCCAGGCCCGCTGCGCGTGCCACGTCGTGCGTCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1918787_1918868
CACCAGCAAAGGCGTCACCTTTACCGTCGCCATCGAGCCTCAGCATCGCGAACTGGTAAAAGGCGATAGCAAATTTGTCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 249175_249256
GCTGCTGCCGGAGATCCGCATTCGGGAAAACTTCCGCCTTAAGCCCAGTCAGTACGCCATTTTCATCAACGGCATAAAGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4267671_4267752
GGGTGCCGATCTCACTAATGATCAGTGGGATGCGGTGATTGAAATTCTCAAAGCCCGCGAGCTTATTCCATTCCTCGATAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2450281_2450362
TCTTTAAGCTGAAAGATTGCAAAGGGCCGGCGGGATACAACGTAAAAGTCACGCTCACGGGGGTAGAAGACAGCGAACAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3804609_3804690
TTAGAAATTATAGTTTATCTGACAAAAATAACAGCCAGCCAATATGTTTTTTCCTTGGTCGTGATAAAGGGCGTCTTCAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2432269_2432350
AATTGTCGGTGAGCCGGAAATGCCTTCTACCATTGCTGATGTGGCGCAGGAAAAAGGTGCACTGTTACAACGTCGGGGCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3699014_3699095
GTTCAAGAACTTTAACTCCGCCACCTCCTACAGTGGCCCGGCGGCGATCCGTTTACTGCGCGCCAGCTGCGGGCAGACTTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 789366_789447
CGCGCTCGGCAAGAAAGATCATGCCTTGCTGATCGATTGCCGCTCACTGGGGACCAAAGCAGTTTCCATGCCCAAAGGTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4082269_4082350
TTATTGCATTGCGGGCTGTCCGTTCGACATTCCGCGCCTCAACCCGGAAGACAACCGCGTCTACAAATGTACGCTGTGCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3312266_3312347
TGAAGTTCCGCGTGAAGCGCGTCCGATTACCGTTTATGAATTGCTGTTTATTCGCCATGAAGGCAATGAGCTGGAGCTGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1366143_1366224
GGTGGCGGCGATTATTTTCGAACCGGTGCAGGGCGAGGGCGGTTTCAACGTTGCGCCAAAAGAGCTGGTTGCCGCTATTCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 512068_512149
AACAGCAACTGGCTGGCGAGCAGGTAGCGCTCTCTGACGAAGTCAACCAGTCGGAACAAACAACCAACTTCCATAACCGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1568124_1568205
CGGGCATCCCTGAGGTTCAGGACTGGATCACATCAATAGTCGCAGAAGTGGTTTCCCGCTATCCCGTAGATGGCGTGCAGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 387345_387426
GCCGCCGCTGGCTTATTTGCCGCTGATGGTGATCTGGTTTGGTATTGGTGAAACCTCGAAGATCTTACTGATCTATTTAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4519242_4519323
CCATGTTTATTTCATACATTGTGGGTATTGTTCTTATTATCGCCGCTAATCAATAAAATCCTGCCCCATATCTACATGGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 267555_267636
GTCAGAACGGGCTCGTCTGCGGTGAGTCGTTTGGCGAGGTGCGGGTGCCACACAAGGGGGACGTGGTGAGTCAGGTGATTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2527406_2527487
TTCACGGTGCAGGGGGCAGCCTTGAGCAGGTCGGTAAAATTATGCTGCAACTGCTGCTGCCGTTTGTGTTGGGGCATCTTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 10960_11041
AAGAGATGTCTACGTTTGAAATTGAGCAACAGTTACTGGAACAATTTCTGCGTAATACCTGGAAGAAAATGGACGAGGAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2231327_2231408
GGTGACGGGGACTTCCGTGGCATTGTTGATGGGCGCTTCACCGGAAATCGCCGCGTCAATCCTGCCGAAATCAGTCACCAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 192178_192259
TCCATTGAATGGCGTGTGCGACAGCTACAGCTGGGCAGAAGCTATCAGCCTGTTGCGCAACAACCGTGTGGTGATCCTCTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2843787_2843868
GCGGTAACAGTGGCGGGATCTTCCACGATCTCTACTGCGTGTGGGGCGGTACGGATAAAATTGTCCCTGTGGATGTTTATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4373224_4373305
ACATAAGGCATTGCAACTGATTGAATGCTTGAGAATTTGTAGGCCGGATAAGGCGTTTACGCCGCATCCGGCATGACCAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2016172_2016253
TCAGCGAATTTCAAACTACCCTTGATGCACTTGATAGTGTGATAGCGTCGCGCCTGATGCAGATGGCGCTGGAGGCGGCAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1685847_1685928
ACGTAGCGGAACTGGCTCTTGGCGGTACAGCGGTGGGTACTGGACTAAATACCCATCCGGAGTATGCGCGTCGCGTAGCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3462598_3462679
TACCACGCAAAGTCGCGATCCGCTGGCTCCTCTCAGTGAAGCACAAACCTTACTCACTGTTCACTGGTATCTGCGAAATCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1342250_1342331
GCGTGAGGCACTGGTTCCGTTTGGCAAAGATGCACCGCTTTTGATTGCTGTGACAGTGTTGACCAGCATGGAAGCCAGCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1681298_1681379
TCCACGTTAATACCCCATACCTGCTCAACCATGCGCTGGAAAGATTACTGCGTGGGCACGGACACGCCGCCAGCGATATCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4263126_4263207
CAAAATAGGAATTGATAATCAAATCTGTCACTATTGCGCCTCTAACAGATTCATCGTGCTGTACCCTACATACAGCCGAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 194080_194161
GTGGCCCTTTCCGTGAGACGCCATTGCGCGATTTGGCAACAATGACGCCGGATCAAGCCTGCCGTCATCCGAACTGGTCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3345394_3345475
GTTAGCCAATCACGACTTCCGCACTTTAATGCGCGTCACGCGTCTGAAAGAAGATGTGCTGAAAGAAGCCGTCAATCTGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 638161_638242
AAAAGATGCGCCGGTCATTGTCTACGTCTTCGCCGATCCGTTCTGCCCATATTGTAAACAGTTCTGGCAGCAGGCGCGCCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3709590_3709671
AGCGTAATACCACGCCGAAACTGGCCCAGGAGAAAAATCTGGCGGCGTTCCGTGGTTACTCCTGTGATACCGCAACCAAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1456926_1457007
ACAAATATCCTCAGCGTTTACAGTTGTTGTGCATTTTCAGTCAGGAAACCCTCGACAGCGATCTGCTTCACGGGCGTATTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1482518_1482599
ACGTTATCGTTATTGCGGCACCGATGTATAACTTCAACATCTCGACTCAGTTGAAAAACTATTTTGACCTGGTTGCCCGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 825516_825597
CAAATGGTTTGTGGTGCCGTCACTGATCGCCATGATCACCACTATCGGCGTAATGATCGTCACTTCACTTTCCGTCGCCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2511358_2511439
TGCGACGCTAGTGCGTCTTATCAGGCCTACAAACCGGCTCTTTAACGCGTAGGGCGGATAAGGCGTTTACGCCGCATCCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1187640_1187721
AGCCTGGTGATATTCTTTATATTCCGCCAGGATTCCCGCATGAAGGCTACGCGCTGGAAAATGCGATGAACTATTCCGTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2887454_2887535
CCGACGCCATTCTATACCTGATAATTCTTCCCGCGGCGTTCACGTTTAAAATCAGGAATGCTGCTCGCAAAATAAAAACGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2398763_2398844
TATCGCGGCGTGGACTTACCGCGCACCGGTTGAAGATCAGGCGCGTTTAGGTTTTGCCATCGCCCATGCGCTGGATAACTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1378978_1379059
GCAGGAGAAAGCGCGACGCAACGGCTGGCAGGGCGCGCTATTTCCGTGGGAAAGCGCGCGCAGCGGCGAAGAAGAGACGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 350557_350638
ATCGCAAAGCTGGGAAAAGGCGATGCATATCTCGCTGGTGCTGTACGCCGAACACGAGTTTAACGCCTCCACCTTTACCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4115035_4115116
CGAACTGACGGTAACGATTCTGGCTAAACCACGCCACGATGCCGTTATCGCTGAAATGCAGCAACTCGGCGTACGCGTATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4478922_4479003
TGCAACCTGGTGAATTTGTAGCCCGGATAAGGCATTCATGTCACATCCGGCATAAACAAAACGTACGTTGTTAATGTTCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4366083_4366164
TGGAAGAGGGCCTGGTTGAACTGCGCGGTGAAAAGCAGATTGAAATCAAATCCGGTGCAAAAACGTCCGTCTGGCTGTTCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 863022_863103
AGCCGGAAATGGCGATGGCGCTACTGCAAGCCAGCCACGAGGCAGGCATTCATACTGCGGTAGAAACCTGTCTGCATGTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2774130_2774211
TGCTAAAAAATCTTTTCTGAATGTAAAAAAGCTAGAAATCACACAGAAACTTCCAATGATGGGGTTCATACAAGGTGAATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 623993_624074
TTACGACGACAAAAGCTGGCAGTCGCTGTTAACGCAACTTGGCGAAATTACCGGGCATGAGAAACAAGCGGCAGAGCGGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2176738_2176819
CAGCGTCGAGGCGGAGCTGGGGCAACTTGGCGGCCAGGAAGATGATGTGCAAGTCAATGAAGCCGATGCGTTGTACACCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3174411_3174492
GCGCGGTGTAAAGCTGTCGGCGGAAGATATCTGGGATCGCTGCGCCTATGTGCTGTCAGTAAAAATGCAGGATCCGCAGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3846432_3846513
CTTATGGCCTCGGCAAAGCTGAAGAACTGTTCGGCGAGGAGATCAGCGAAGAGGACAAAGAGACAGAATCTACCGATATGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2206795_2206876
TTCTACGCCACAACCGCCTCTGCCAAAAGATGTCACCTGCGAACTGGAACGTACCGCAATCTCCCTTCCGGCGGAGCTTAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3042352_3042433
TCTGGGATTTGATGCCTTTATCACAACAGGGACGAGGCCCGTAGATCGGATAAGGCGTTCACGCCGAATCCGGCAGTTGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 371633_371714
GCAAACTGGTGCTGATGGGCGGCGGTACGGGCGGCATGAGTTTGTTTACGCCGATGCCAACCGAAGGTATTAAGCGACTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1938331_1938412
AAGCCGTTTGCAGCCAGGATGCAATGGATGACATCATCCTCGCCTCTGACGTGGTAATGGTTGCACGTGGCGACCTCGGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 665718_665799
TGTACTGTTCCTCTCTGGCCTTAGCTGGCGTCTGATTGGCGTCGCAGTAGTGCTGGTAGCGGCGTTCATTCCGATTCTGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3373090_3373171
TGTACAACATTCCAGCCCTGAGTGGGGTAAAACTGACCCTGGATCAGATCAACACACTTGTTACATTGCCTGGCGTAGGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3501740_3501821
GCGTGGTGCTGGAGATGATCACCCGCCTCGCGCCGAACGCGGAAATCGGCAAGATCAAAAACGATCTCAAGCAGTTGCCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4065025_4065106
ATAAAGCCAGTATTCTCAAATCATTTTGCGCGATATTTCGGAATCCGCCATTGCTGGTTTTATGCATTGCTAACTTGTGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 431001_431082
TTTCAGCAATATATTGAATTTACGTGCTTTTGTTGGCCGGACAAAGCGTTTACGCCGCATCCGGCATGAACAAAGCACACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1054767_1054848
ATCGGCGTTTCTGGCGGCGATGAGCCATGAGATCCGCACACCGCTGTACGGTATTCTCGGCACTGCTCAACTGCTGGCAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3343084_3343165
TACCACGTTTGATAAGGATAAAATCCCGACATGGTCCGTAAAAGCAGATAAAGCCAAGCTGACCAATGACCGGATGCTCTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4076543_4076624
CGCGACCAAAAATTTACTCGTTCGCCGTGTACTGGATGATTTTAACGCTGGGGCCGCTGCTGGCAGGGGCCAGTCTGGCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4021007_4021088
GCACTAACATGAAATTGCTGGCGGAACGCGGCGTGCAGGTGTTCTTCACTCAGGTCTTTCGCGACAGCTTTTTCCATGCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4595355_4595436
TCACAGCGAAAAGCGCGGCCAGTGGAGCATGAAGCAATTCGATCAATCCTACGCCGAGCAGCTGTTTGAGCTACGCGAAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2481368_2481449
AGTATCAGTTATTTCTCTGATCTCTTTAGTCATTTGGGAGTCGACCTCAGAGAACCCGATTCTTGATCTCAGTTTGTTTAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1353093_1353174
GCGCAGTTTTCCCTATGAGTTGACCGAAGGTGAATGTCAGAAAGTGATGATAGCCATTGCACTGGCGAATCAACCGCGTCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4554923_4555004
GGCTACCCGCGAAGATATCGTCAAAATGCGTCAGGCATTGCAACTGGAAGAGCGTGAACTGGCTTCCAGTGCGCCGGGCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1235258_1235339
TATTTCCACTATTTTTATTCGCACCGCGTTTCGTCAGCATCCCGATAAAGCGCAGGAAGTGCTGGCTACCGCTAATGAAGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3912714_3912795
AGGTTGAGCATATTCAGATCCTCGCCTGTGGTACTTCTTATAACTCCGGTATGGTTTCCCGCTACTGGTTTGAATCGCTAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 424588_424669
TTCTTTCCCGCCACTGGTCGCAGCTGTCGCCGGACTTTCCGCTACAGGAATTTGTCTGTTATGCCCGCGAGCAAGTGATGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 550846_550927
GGAAGCGGCTTACGGCTGGCAGATGAAACGTGATGGTAAATATTTGCGCCGGGTGGTGGCGTCTCCGCAACCGCGTAAAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1515120_1515201
TATTAACCGCCTTTAAAACCATCAATCTGGAGCCGGGATTTTTCACCATCGTGGTCGGTCATGCGACTTTTTGTGTAGTTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1069136_1069217
GCTGTATGGCGTGATGACCAACGTTTTAGGGCTGGGAAAAGCCGTCGATTTTACTCTCGTCAGCCATGCTGCCTGGTTCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1174589_1174670
CACTATTCGCCTTGTTTGTACTGCTGAGTGTGGCGGTTAATTTCGTTCCCACGCCGTGGTGGGGAATGAACAGTGTGATCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4604459_4604540
GCTGATTGGTTCATTGTCGCCATCACCGCTGGACGGTGTATTAAGTAAAGCGTCAACGCTGGAGATTTTTCATCAGGAACT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2713524_2713605
TTTCTGCCAATCCCTCCACCCGTGAGCGCAAAAAAATTCATCAGTGGTATTACCGCGCCGATGATCTTGAGCATAAAACCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1117294_1117375
TGGGGCACTTTGAAAACGCGCTCGAAATTCCGGCAGATACCTTCCGTGAGCAGCTGCCAAAAGCAGTCGAGATGATGCAGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 310338_310419
AACTGACCTCACGTCTTATCACCAACACATTAACCCAGTTGGATACCTCAGGTTCCACACTGAATGTGGGCGTGGATTATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 552021_552102
TTGGCGCGCGCGGCTTTGATGGCAGCACCGTGTTTTATCCGCTGACGCATAACCTGCATCAGGACGGTATTTTGCGCACCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2880048_2880129
GGCTTCGGGCAAATCCGATCAAAACTATTCTCGACAATCAAAAGCGCCTGGACAGTAAAGGGAATATTAAACGCTGTCGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2552747_2552828
TCATGCCGATGGCTTTACCAACCCGAAAGCTGCCGGTGCTTCGGTATTTGCCCTCTCTAACCGTGGGGCAAGTAGCGCAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 482789_482870
TCTTCGGCTGGTTTAACCGCATGTTCGAGAAGAGCACGCACCACTACACCGACAGCGTAGGCGGTATTCTGCGCAGTACGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3713334_3713415
GGACGCCGGGATTATCCGCCATCGAGGGAAAATTCAGGCAATTATTGGTAATGCGCGGGCGTACCTGCAAATGGAACAGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2011748_2011829
CCACAATAGTAAACTTGACTTAACAGATCTTCACTTGGGGTCTTTGCCACCTCTTCCATCCTGGATTGAGGTGCTTTATCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3726345_3726426
TATCGCTAACCCAAACACAGTGCCGCAGAAAATTGACGGTTTTGAATGGCTGCCAATTAACTTATATATCAATGGCGATAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3032052_3032133
ATTTATCCGGGCTACATGATGCTTCATGGTTTGCGATTGTTACGCCGATGTCGTTTGGTATGCCGATTTTCGATCCCGTTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4063910_4063991
GGGTGGTGCAGTGTATCTGGACGTCAACTATAAATTTGTACCATGGTTTAATCTGACAGTACGAAATCGCTATAACCATAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 840351_840432
CAAAGATGTGAGTAATAAAATTCTCACCAACCAGACCAACCTGACCTCGACGTTCTATACCGGTTCTATCGGTCATGATGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1031049_1031130
ATCTGTCTGCCGGAATGGGTGACGTAATCGCTATGGCACTGGGCGGAACGGCGTTAGTGTTCTTCTGCTGCTCTGCATATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 384298_384379
AAACTATTCATCTTAATTTTGCTGACACCCGCGCTCATTTACAGCTCAATGATATGATTTCCGCCCTGGAAGACATCATTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1207776_1207857
GGCTCTCGAAAACCTTGGTTTGGGAGAAGGAGCAAAACTCAATGCAGCAACGGCTACATTAGGACGCACCGGTTTCATAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3379394_3379475
ATATTCCGCCGGATGAACTTTATCGAAATGGCCTGCAACGTGCGCGTTTTCTGCCTGCAATCGATGCCATTAAACAGCATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2075506_2075587
GAGAGCTGAGGGAATTTGAACTGGCAGACGGAAACTGGTTACTGAACAATGCCTGGTATGAAAGAAACATGGCAGGGTTTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3344267_3344348
CTTGTCTGCTGAACAACGTGAAGACCGCGCGAACGAGCTGATGGAAGAGTTTCACATTGAGCACCTGCGTGACAGCATGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3600317_3600398
CAAAGCGCAGCGCAAACTGTTCTTCAACCTGCGTAAAACCAAGCAGCGTCTGGGCTGGTTTAACCAGGATGAAGTCGAAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 944425_944506
GATGATGGTGCGTGTGTATAACAGCATTGATACCGTTCCGACCTGGTACAGCATCTGGACGCCGATGGGCTTCTTCCTGAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2220801_2220882
AGTCTGACCCGGTGGATACCAATGCCGAAAGCCGCCTGCACCGTAAAGAAGCGCGTGAAGTGGCGCGCGAAAGCTTGGTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1168477_1168558
CGTGGAGTCTGCGCTGGCTGACTATTTTGCTGCCATCGCCAACTGCTTTACCAGCAAAGACACCCCGGCAGGCTGCTTCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 98986_99067
AGCCAGACCTTGGTACGGTGGTGGTGTTGTTTGTGACTACGCTGGCGATGTTGTTCCTGGCGGGAGCGAAATTGTGGCAGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2931393_2931474
AGTGACACAGGCCGGGCATCAGGCAACGATTGTTTCGACAGATAAAGGCTACTGTCAGTTACTTTCACCGACATTACGTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1118724_1118805
TTATTCGCCCATGACTCGTCTTGCCGCAAGAGCTGGACATCTCGCATTGTACCTATTGCTTTTCGCCATCGGCATCAGCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 337512_337593
CGATCCGCAAACTGAAATCATTGCGCTTATCTCCAAACCGCCTGCGCCTGCGGTGGCCCGCAAAGTGCTGGAACGTGCGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3272270_3272351
GATGGTGGGCGGCGACAAGGCTATTTTCGACAAATACTATGATTTGATGAAAGCGATGGCGGGTTCCGTGGTGCATACCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 197183_197264
TGGGGATTCGTCCTCGTGGGCCGCAAATTGAACCTGTACTGGAAAATGTGCAGCCAAACTCGGCGGCAAGCAAGGCAGGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3500539_3500620
CATGGCCTCTATCTGTTATATGACCGGCGAAATTAAAAACCCCGGAAAAACCATGCCACGAGCGCTGATTGGTTCCTGTCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1944233_1944314
GAGCGCCTTATCCGACCTACGGTTCGGTATCTCTGGTAGTCCTGGTAAGACGCGAACAGCGTCGCATCAGGCATATTGCCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2202056_2202137
CCTTCTGGCTGCGTATCAATGAGAAAAAGCATCTGTTCGCGGGTGAGGACTATTTTCTCAGTATCCTCGGATTGGATGCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 277142_277223
TTGAGGCATTTCAGGCGTTTCATCGCCCGCGCGTGGAAGCCTTGCTGGATGCCGGGGCCGATCTGCTGGCCTGCGAAACCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1160417_1160498
TGCTGGTTGGGCCATACAGTAATTATGGACCTGGCTTTGATTATGTCGGCGGCACCGGTTGGAACAGTGGCAAACGTAAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2275746_2275827
CGTGCTGGCGGGGGCGCTACAAGGCTATTACGGCGGTAAAGTCGATCTCTGGGGACAACGCTTTATTGAAGTATGGTCGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1657063_1657144
GAGAGTACGTTTACAGGGAAAATGCCAGCTAGCAGAATTACCTTCTGCCGGGGTGAGTTGGGAAACCGATGATAATGGCTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3290033_3290114
TGCTCGGTTCTGAAGATTATTATGCGCTGGGGATCGGTATCGGCGGCACACTTGGCGCACTGGGCGCGTTGTCGATGGATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1560379_1560460
TTATGGTCATCTGCAAATTCTTCCCGGCGGCGGAAGGCTTGATGACTGGCTGGATCCACCAACGCACGTTACCGGCTTTTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2140646_2140727
TCATCCCGCTTAATGAAACCGCGAATGGTGAAAACGGTGCCGCGCAGCAGGGGCAGAGCCAATCAACGTTGCCGCGCCCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3301943_3302024
ACGGGTCACACCTGTACCACTGGAAGTCTTTGCTTTCGGCAGCCTGTGCATTATGTCGGAAGGTCGTTGCTATCTGTCGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3954364_3954445
TCACCATGAGTGATATCGATAAGCTTTCCCGCAAGGTTCCACAGCTGTGTAAAGTTGCGCCGAGCACCCAGAAATACCATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 443307_443388
CACTCTGCTGGTTGAAACCGTTAAACAGTTCCACCGTTCCGGGCGTATCGTCGCGGCTATTTGCGCCGCGCCAGCCACCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3371790_3371871
TGCGCTGTGGTTCTGCTTCGCCGGTAACCTGCAAAATGCCGCGATCGTCGCTGTTCTTGGGCTGTTATGCGCCGCAATCTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 174203_174284
TATTATCGTCGAGCCGGTGGCAGGCAATATGAACTGTGTTCCGCCGCTGCCAGAGTTCCTGCCAGGTCTGCGCGCGCTGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 895518_895599
GATGGGCGCGCTGGATAAAAAGCTGCGTGACAGGATGCAGCTTGAAGTGGTGGATATTCTGGAGCGCGTCGGTGTGACTTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 380416_380497
CCCTGTTACCAAAAACGCTTTTCACGACCGGTTATCGCTACACTAAATATTACGATGATGTCGAAGTCGATGCCTGGCAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2525470_2525551
CGTATGGCACCTACGGTTCTGCGAATCGCGTGAATTTCCACGACGATATGTTCCTGTACGGTATCGGCTACAATTTCACCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1074522_1074603
TCAAAGAGTACATCCGTCTGAAGCTGGAAGTCTCACGCGATTATCCGCAGGCTTCGCGCCTGTTCTGTATGGAGATGCTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3843083_3843164
GGTTTCTATTGTGGTGACGTCTTGCTGTGGATTATTTTTCGGTGATGTTCATTTTAGCGGCGTCTATTCCATTCCGCCTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3091460_3091541
ACTTTTTTCTGAGCGCTGCGGCGTTAAACTGGATAGTGAACGTCTGAACAAGAAGCTTCAGCAGTGGCAGAAGATTGCAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2258786_2258867
TCAGTGAAGAGGCACTGGCATGGATTCTGGATAATGCCGCCAACGTACCCGTATTTGTCGATCCGGTTTCGGCATGGAAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4055775_4055856
CATCACTACTCGAATATACCAAAGTGATTATCGAACAGGCGGACCGGCTGCGAAATCTGGTCGACCGTCTGTTGGGGCCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1208779_1208860
TGGAGAATCAAAAGAAATCAAAGCTCCGGGTGATTACCCTGAAAATACAACCACTATCGCCCCTTTATCTCCATACGATAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 43619_43700
ACTGACCATCAGCAGCGGCACGTTCGATGCGGCTCAGCCAGACGCGTCACGCACTGGCGAAACGCACACCGTGGAGTGGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2617967_2618048
TGCCGGATGCGACGCTTGCCACGTCTTATCCGGCCTACGAATACTATGGATTAACTTCGCGTAGTTCGGATAAGGCGTTCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2631707_2631788
CTATCGGTAAAAACCTGACTTGCGTATTCGTCGACAACGGCCTGCTGCGCCTCAACGAAGCAGAGCAGGTTCTGGATATGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2625846_2625927
ACTGGTAAAAGAAGTTTTACGTCACCGTAATTTCGCATCGCTGAGTTTACCGGGTCTTTCCGAAGAGCGGAAAACAGTCTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1395367_1395448
CCGGTAAAGATATTCTGAGTAACTTCTTTTCCGGGATTATGCTCTATTTCGACCGTCCTTTCAGTATTGGCGACTGGATCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3349406_3349487
CAATGAAAACCGTATTCGCGGTGCTTCAACGATTTCTCAACAGACAGCCAAAAATCTCTTTTTATGGGATGGGCGTAGCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3324448_3324529
GGCTGCAGAAACCGGTTTACCGGTTTGTCTGATGCATATGCAGGGAAATCCAAAAACCATGCAGGAAGCTCCGAAGTATGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 797044_797125
AACGCGAACTGTTGCCTTATCTGCAACGGCTGACACGGGAAATCAACATTCCGATGTTGTATGTCAGCCATTCGCTGGATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2524422_2524503
GGGCAGGCAGCCTGGTCGCATTGAAAGATCATATCAACACCATGCCCGGTACGCCGATGGTGGGTCTTAACGATGATCGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1436287_1436368
ACGAAGGAGCCAGTAATGGTCAGGAAGGCACCAACAACGGACGTGATGTTCGCCATGAAAACGGTGACGGCTGGGGTCTTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3869870_3869951
TCTACCCGGATCATCAAATCCGTAAATATGTCGCTATCCAGCAGTGGTTCGCGGAGAAACATCCGGTGCCGTTCTACTCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4116429_4116510
TCCAATCTCCGGGATCGCCGGTGACCAGCAGGCCGCGCTGTTTGGTCAGTTGTGCGTGAAAGAAGGGATGGCGAAGAACAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1338826_1338907
TTTGCTGTATCACCGTCAGGAAGGTCGTAACATTGGTCTGCTGAATAAAATCCGCGCTTACGCACTGCAGGATCAAGGTTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1808926_1809007
GACGCCCAATTTTAATGGTGGCGTGAACGTTATGTTCTGGGTGATTTTCATCCTGATTTTTGTCGGACTGGCGTTGCAGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3894216_3894297
TCATAGCCCACACGCGCCCGATAACCACACCTTTTCCAGCAATGAATCGCTATGGATCAGTAAACAAAACGATCCTAACGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 935179_935260
ACGTCAGTTCGCCCAGACACAGCAGCAACGCTATGGCGAACAGTATCAACATGATGTGCCCGTAAACGCAGAAGATGCAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2464590_2464671
GTTTTATTGATGTTGCAGGGATGGCGAACCCGAAACTGCAACGGACTGAACCTCACCGCTTCGGTAGTACGCTTGGTCATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 555264_555345
TAACCACTTTGATATCCACGGCGGCGGTTCAGACCTGATGTTCCCGCACCACGAAAACGAAATCGCGCAGTCCACCTGTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2910250_2910331
AAACCGAAGAGCGCGCGCAGAAAGCGCAGCATTCGGCGCTGGACGATATTCCTCGTAGTTTACCGGCTTTAATGCGTGCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2379956_2380037
GTCCGGTCAACGCGGCGGCGATGATGGCTGCCAGTCGTCGACTGAATCTGAATTGCTACCATTTTTACATGGCCTTTGATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4569419_4569500
TTGCCGACCCGACTACCGCACGGAAGCTTTATAACGCCGCGTTCCCGCTGGTGGATGTTACTGTCGTGCCAGACGACGAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1618536_1618617
CGATTGATTCACCGGAGGCGAAAAGCAAGTCGGAAGAGCTGGAAGATGAACCCAGTGCCAATATTGCCTTTGTGCCGCTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2389501_2389582
AATTGCCTGAAGTCAGCGAATATTGGTTAGCACTGGCAATCCAGTATCGCCGATGTAAAAAAACAGAAGCTGCAGCACAGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1725145_1725226
CGATGAAGTGGCGGACGCGTTCAAACATCTGCATCAGAGCGGCAAAGTGCGTCATTTTGGCGTATCGAACTTTACGCCTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4615072_4615153
TGGCGCTGTTTACTGCTATCAAAAACGATCCGCAACTGCGCCATCTCACCTGTCTGGTGGACAGTAACGGCATGTTGAGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 865707_865788
GTCAGCCGCTGGGCGACGGCCAAATCTACGATACCAACCGTCTCGCCGTACACCTGATGTTAGAACAGTTGGGATGCGAGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3102453_3102534
CGCATGAAGAAGGTTTAAGCAACCTGCGCGTGATGTGTCACGATGCGGTTGAAGTGCTGCATAAAATGATTCCTGACAATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4264982_4265063
GTCGGATTTGATCATCGTCGCCGCGCGTCCGTCGATGGGTAAAACAACATTTGCGATGAACCTCGTCGAAAACGCGGCGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2096193_2096274
CCGATCGCTTTGGCGTGCAGTGTATTGTGGTCGGTATTGATACCTGGTACGACGCCGAAACCGGTAAATATCATGTGAATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1180380_1180461
TGCAAGGGGACGCAATTAATTGAATTTGCGGGTTTTGTGGGCCGGATAAGGCGTTCGCGCCCCATCCGGAATAATACACGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2757483_2757564
TTTAGCCCTTTCAGAGGTAAGACATTAGGGCAATTTCACTGTATGACTGCGCAGTCATCGAGTCTGTGGGGTGTTGCTCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3591628_3591709
TCTGCCGTTTGCCAGCAAAAACAACGGCTTTGACGGCACGGACGCGGTGCTGGAGTTCAATAAGCCGGAGCAGGTGAAACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 872306_872387
CATTTGCGATGTGCTGTTTGCCTTCCCGGGTATTTTACTGGCGATCGCTGTTGTTGCGGTGTTGGGAAGCGGCATTGCTAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3464464_3464545
TCCGCCTGAGAATATGCTTTGTTATGGTGTAGTACCTCACGGCGTTGCAGCGGCCAATCCACTTATCCAGCATCCTGAAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1816218_1816299
CAAAACTGTGCAAATTCAATATATTGCAGGAAACACGTAGGCCTGATAAGCGAAGCGCATCAGGCAGTTTTGCGTTTGTCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3807542_3807623
GATGCGCCGGGAATTAGATGCCCTGGGCGTAAAAGATCATTATGTTGTCATCCAACCGACAGCGCGTCAGATATTTAAGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 238149_238230
GGCGGCAATAATACAAAATTCTTTGCATAAGAAATTTTTCTTGACAAAGACAGTGCAAGAAAGGACATGGAATCCGGAGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4199086_4199167
AGTGTTTGTCGATGGTCATGGGATCTCGCATCCTCGCCGTCTTGGCGTCGCCAGCCATTTTGGCTTATTGGTGGATGTGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 663318_663399
GCTCCGCGCGAGATATGGCGCTGATCGGCCAGGCATTGATCCGTGACGTACCGAATGAATACTCGATCTATAAAGAAAAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4190016_4190097
TCGTCCCTTCTGCCAGCACCGTTATAACTTAGCGCGCACACACTTAAAAAGAACTATTTTGGCGCTGCCAGAAAGCAACGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2642298_2642379
GTAATAGCGAGCAGGGGCAGAGTGTTCCATTAAATACGTCGACAACTACAGACCCGGCTACAACGTCCACGCCGCCAGCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3878873_3878954
TGAAATGACCCGCCGTAAAGGTGCGCTCGACTTAGCGGGCCTGCCGGGCAAACTGGCAGACTGCCAGGAACGCGATCCGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3778187_3778268
GCTGTTCCTCAAACGCTGGCAGCCAGTGCGTGTATTCCGTTTTGGTGATTTGGGGGCGTCACAGGTTGATATGACGCTGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3037200_3037281
AAAAACTCGCCGCCAGCGATTTAGGTTTTGCGCTGGGGCCACGTCTCAATGCTGCCGGACGACTGGACGATATGTCCGTCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1553294_1553375
GCTGTCAAAAATTCGTCCAGGGCAGTGGATTGCTATCTACGGTCTTGGCGGTCTGGGTAACCTCGCCCTGCAATACGCGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1179009_1179090
TTTCAACGGCAAACCGATTACCGGTAAAAGCTACATTACCGGCGAGTTTGGCCATATGCGTCTGCCGGTTGATGCGTTAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1857312_1857393
GGGTATTCCGGTAGAGGCGGAATTAGGGCATGTCGGTAATGAAACCGTTTATGAGGAAGCGCTGGCGGGCTATCACTATAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 740961_741042
GCGGCGTGAACGCCTTATCCAGCCTACAAATTTGTGCAAATTCAATAAATTGCAGGAAATACGTAGGCCTGATAAGACGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 758008_758089
TGGGACAATTCTATGCGCAATATGAGAAAATTAAGCCTTACCTGTTGAATAATGGACAAAATCCGCCAGCTCGCGAGCATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1951076_1951157
ATTGGTGGCAACATCCTGCTGCATTAGGTGCAACCGACAGCGATATCGAAATCATCAAACGTCAATGGGGTGCGTTTTACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2701324_2701405
TCGCAGGGCAGCGTGACAAAATGCGCGATGCCTGCAAACGTCTGGCAGATGCCGGGATTCAGGTTTCTCTGTTTATTGACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4225630_4225711
ACTGGCGATTTACGACGACCTACCCGCTGAACTGCGCGACGCGGTGGAAGATGTGATTCTTAATCGTCGCGACGATGGCAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 714339_714420
AGGTCGATCAAACCTTCCGCTTTATGCACCTTGATAAAGACGGCGCGATCCGTATGGACTGCTCCTCCGAGTGTGCGATGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4217722_4217803
CAACTCAGGAAGCTATTCAGAAACTGGTCGCGGCGCGTCTGGCAGCTGACGTGACGGGCGTTCCAACCCTGCTGGTTGCCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1554781_1554862
ACATTCAGGGCACTGCGGCGGTAACAGTCGGCACACTGATCGCAGCAAGCCGCGCGGCAGGTGGTCAGTTAAGCGAGAAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2052106_2052187
AATAAATAAAAATGCGGCACCGCCAGAATCGCGTTCGATGTGACTATGATCATTTTCGGTGAGTACTGCTTTGATCTAAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2981434_2981515
TACGTCGGAAAAAGCGCGAGAAGAACTCAACGAAATTCGTGAAAGCCTGAAGTTAAAACAGGGCGGTTGGGCACTGTTTAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1036024_1036105
GGCTTATCTCAGCGCGAAGAAAATGAGCCTGCATCAGAACAGTTTCTCCGAAGTGTTGGCGCTGGCGGATATCCGCGGACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 358201_358282
GCCGCGACGAGTTGGACGTTGGGATTGCCTTCGCGCCTGTGCATTCGCCGGAGCTGGAGGCAATTCCTTTACTGACAGAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2630012_2630093
CGCTTATTGGCGCAGTCGCTGGCGGTGTTATCGGCCACAACGTCGGGTCTGGCAGCAATTCCGGAACGACGGCAGGTGCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 978517_978598
CGGAAGATCTCTATCTGATCGAAGGAGATCCGCAGTCATTCGATGACAGCGTGTTCAGCGTTGATGAGCTGGAAAAAGCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1860755_1860836
CGCGCAGCAATCGAAATTCCTTCCTGGTCAGGATGTGGTCGTCATCGGCACTGGCCCACTCGGGCTGTTCTCCGTACAAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4320092_4320173
GGCGAAGTTTGAAGAGGATAGCGGCGCACAGCCGGATGACATCACCCGCACGCCGCCGGTTTACCCCTGCTCACGCTCCTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3255235_3255316
GCCTTATCCGGCCTACAAAATCCAACAACATTAACGAATTAAACAACCCGTAGGCCGGACAAGATGCGCCAGCATCGCATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2093962_2094043
TGACCGTTACGCTCACGTAGTGCGTAATACCAAAGAGACGCAGATTGACGTTCAGGTGTGGCTGGATCGTGAAGGTGGCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 748412_748493
TATACGTCAAAATACGAGAAATGCCGCCGCATGATTATCAAAGTACGCTTAGCGACTATATCGTCGTGCAATTTGACGGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2182369_2182450
GCCCGATACGCTATGGGTTAACAAGCGTGTCGTGAAATGTCCCGAAGAAGTCGCGCAGCAGCTGGCGGTCGAAGCAGGAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1459728_1459809
TTTCCCGATGGGGCCGCTGGAATTAACCGATCTGATTGGTCAGGACGTCAATTTTGCTGTCACCTGTTCGGTGTTTAACGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2299107_2299188
CGACGATCCCTCGCCACATTCGCTACGTGCTGTTGGTGGTCATTCTGGTGGGATCAGCCTTAACTGGCACGCTCATTTGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2166309_2166390
CGTACACAAGTACGAGCCGATTCCGGTGCAAAATGTTGAGCCGACGCTGGGTATCGGCGCACCAACCGACAAAGTGTTTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1070621_1070702
TATCGTCGCCTGGGACAGTGAATTTTATGAACGGTTACCACTACTGTTTCCCCACGGTGATGCCCGCAGTTGGTTTACCTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1957543_1957624
TTTTCCGCCAGAAATAAAAATGGATGACAACGCGGCGCATGAGCTGGAAAGTCAGGCCGCTACTTCAGTTACTAATGGCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4596462_4596543
CAGCCATTGCTCCCGGCGAGCAGGTGCTGGTGGTCGGGGCGGGGCCAATCGGTCTGGGCGCGGCGGCAATCGCTAAAGCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 885684_885765
AAACGGTGGCGGAAATGTATTATCACCGTCTGGAATACGTCGATAACTTTGACAACTTAGAGGATATCTTCTTTAAGTTTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3435812_3435893
TGCGGATTACCCTGATGCTGTACGTCTGGAAACACCTGCACCTGTTCATGCGCTACCTGGTTTTGAAGACGGATGGGTTAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2138654_2138735
AGCGGTAATGCGCCTGCTTAGCGGGCAAAAAGAAGATGCGGAACTGGACGCCGAAACCGCGTCCATGCTGGTGGATCATGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 794211_794292
CTCACGTTTTTCACTGCAAACCAGCGCCCGTAACCAGTGGTTCGGTACCATCACCGCCCGCGATCATGATGACGTTCAACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3034376_3034457
CGGAACTGTACCTCAAGCGTCTGGTGGTTGGTGGCTTCGAGCGTGTATTCGAAATCAACCGTAACTTCCGTAACGAAGGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4109289_4109370
GCGCTGGAACTACCTGGCAGCCTGGGGCTACGCGCTGCATCACAACAACAACGATCAGGCAAAAGCACAGGATTTTGTTCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3635328_3635409
CCGTTTTACTCACCCTGCTCGGTTTCATTTGGTCTATTACGCTGTTACGTAGTGCTGACATAACTCCGCATTATGTCGCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2869167_2869248
AATCCTGGCGCATCTTGTCCAGCATGTTTGCTCGGTTGAACGGATTAAAGGCTTGCAGTGGCAGGCACGTCGCCGCCTGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2224365_2224446
CTTTATTAAGGCAATGAATGCGAAAGCGAAATCGCTCGGAATGAACAACACGCGCTTTGTTGAACCTACCGGATTGTCGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4383092_4383173
ACAAGCTTTCTTGCGTTATCTGGAAATTGACCCGCTCTCTGCCGACAAAACGCAACTGCGGGAAGTCGCAGCGAAACTGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1782000_1782081
TACGGGCGAGGAAGGTGCCGCCTGGCTGTTTGCCGGTTCCCCTTCTGACGGCCTGATGGGCGGGGGATTTCTCTATACCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2054262_2054343
TACTGGTACTGGGAGCATTGTGGGTGCGCAATGGCATGGAGGAGTCCGCGGAATTTGAACAACAGCAACATTATCAAGCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3805512_3805593
TTAGCCTTGAAGATTATTGTGCCGATTGGGCAGTCAACCCGCCTGATATACGTGTTAAGCGTATGCTGATCGCACGTGTAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 849614_849695
TGCTACCGCTGGGGCAAGACGTTTCCCATGTCGATTTAACCGGCTGTGCGCTGGCACTGGGGGCCGGGGCTTGTTGGGCTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1654495_1654576
CGATTTCATGCCGAAATTGTTTGACGCGGTACGTAACAAGTTTGGTTTTAATGAACATTTGCTGCATGACATGCACCATCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3065502_3065583
CCGATAACGTGGTCACGTTCTTATTGCAGGAAATGGCGCATGGGCGTATTCCGCCGGAATTTCTGCCGCTGCAAAGTGGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1960889_1960970
TCTGGCAGTAGAAAGCGAAGGGGCGACCGTCGTATTCCTTGATGAGTTTAAAAACAAGGAAGGCGAACCGATGGGCGTGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1841054_1841135
TCTCTTTTACGCGCTGGTGCCGTTTGGCTTTATTCTTGCTGCACCGGAGCAAAATGCGCTGGCAGGCGGCTGGTTGTTGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1804004_1804085
CTTTCGCTTGATAAGTTCATCAGTTCAGGTCCCGATGCTCAGACCTGGGCTGATAGATATGTTCGCAACTGTGCAATTGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 474692_474773
CCCTTCGGAAACGCAAATCGCCCAATCGCTGGCGCACCTGCTGCCGCCAGTGCTGAAAGATAAATTCATCTGCGATCGTCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1149196_1149277
CGATCCAACCGATCGTGGGACTATTATTATTTTTGGCGATGGCGCGGGCGCTGCGGTGCTGGCTGCCTCTGAAGAGCCGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4315764_4315845
GCGTCGAGATTGATCTCTGGCTGCACGCCGGATTCGACGTGCTGGTCAACGGCTCACGCGCCCATCTGCCGCAGGCGCGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2418866_2418947
CGATGAGCAACTGCTGGAATCCGCGCGTCGCGAAGCGGAAGAAGAGTTGGGCATTGCCGGTGTCCCCTTTGCCGAGCACGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2942069_2942150
ATGTTGATGTGGCGATATTTTATGGTCGGGGCAACTGGCCGGGGCTACGGGTGGAAAAACTGTACGCCGAATATTTATTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3518764_3518845
AGGGTATTGTGCTGGCTACTGGCGGCGGCTCTGTGAAATCCCGTGAAACGCGTAACCGTCTTTCCGCTCGTGGCGTTGTCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 82704_82785
AAGTTCGTAAGGATATTCTCAACGTCCACACCGCCATTAATCACCAGGAGATATGGCGCACCAGCCAGTTAGTTAGCCAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 440612_440693
ACAGAATTTCGATGATTTCTGAACTGGCGAGCGCCAGTGGTATTGCCGGAATGTGCGGTGGTCAGGCATTAGATTTAGACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3603457_3603538
TGATCGCCGATGTGGGTGTGGAAACCACACGTAAAATTATCACCAATCTGACGGAAGGCGCATCCCGCAAGCAGCTTCGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2521421_2521502
ACGGAGCCGCTCGCGGCGACGGCCCGAAGGGCGAGCGAAGCGAGTCATCCTGCACGACCCACCAATGTAAAAAAGCGCCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4160051_4160132
AGATTCTCTCTCCTATCACTTCTGGAACAGTGGCGTAGTGATTCGTCACAACGAAGAGTACGAGAAGATCGAAGGCTGTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1367384_1367465
CCGATCTCCCGGCGATGGTCAATGAAGGCACTTTTCGCGCTGACCTGCTCGACCGACTGGCTTTTGATGTTGTACAACTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2345968_2346049
CTTCGCCGATCAGGAAGAGTTTGAACGTCTGTATACCAAATATGAGAAAGACGACAGCATCCGCAAGCAGCGTGTGAAAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3923329_3923410
ATTTCACTCTGTTGGATAGCCTTGGTAAACGCGTGCGTTTCCTTCGTCAGGTGCAACATGAGCTTAAACTGGAGAATATTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 835690_835771
TCGACGAACATCAACCGGTGTTTATGCCAGTCGGCGCGTTTTGCCCGCCGCTGGAAAAACAACTGGCGATGCGCTGGCGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 95290_95371
TCGCCATTATGAACGCCGACAACAACGACTGGCTGAACTGGCAGAGCGTAATTGGCTCACGCAAAGTGTGGCGTTTCTCAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4022436_4022517
CCTGACGCCCGAACTGAAAGCGTCGATGGATGAACTACGCCAGGCCGCGGAGTCGATGAAGCGTTCCTACGTTGCAAACGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2491064_2491145
AAATGCTGACGTTGTCATGCTTGTTGGTGCACGACTGAATTGGTTATTGGCACACGGTAAAAAAGGATGGGCGGCAGATAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1382868_1382949
CCGGATGCGGCGCGAGTACTTTATCCGATCTATAAATGTAGGCCGGATAAGATGCGCTAGCATCGCATCTGGCATTCAGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2228001_2228082
ATTACTTCTTCAGTTGAAGGTGTGGAAACCGATATTAATGCCAGCAAAACCCGGCAGCAGCTCAACGATGTCGCGGGGAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4471888_4471969
TATTCACTATTCAGGAAACCCAGGGGCGTCTGGACAATCTCCACGTCGCAATGGTTGGTGACCTGAAATATGGCCGCACCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1046858_1046939
GCAATACAAATACCGTGACTCTCGTGAAGCGGTCGATCGTGCCAACCGGATTCTGGTGAATAACCTGCCGCAAGGCGTTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1006184_1006265
TGCTGAATGCACTGGTAGCAATTCGCTATCTCAAACCGCAAATGCCGAAAAGCTGGCATTTTGTTTCCCATGGTGAAATGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1512187_1512268
TAAAGGCCGCGTTCAGGCTTATGATGGCCCTATCTATATTGCGGACGCTGCGTTGTTCGTTAAAGCCACTCAGCCGCAGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1940935_1941016
CGCCGAAGTGAGCGCAGTGATTAAAGCCATGCAGTGGCAAATGGATTTCCGCAAACTGAAAAAAGGCGATGAATTTGCGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1715418_1715499
TTCATGTGCGGCACGGTTTGCCTGCCAGCGATATCATTGCGCCAAATCTGGTTGAGCTGGAAATACTCTGTGAGCATGCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2556031_2556112
GTGCAGGTCTGGATGCGATGATTGCGCATATTGAAAATGGCGCAGCTTTCCAGTGGGCTAATGACGCGCAAGATACGGCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3281309_3281390
CAGCTGGGATGCCGGATGGTCGCTATACGTTATGTGGTGAAGAAGTGCAGATGCACGGTGGCGTTGTCCGTACCGCGTCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3511852_3511933
TGGCGGTGGTTTCGCGACTAGCGGCGGAAAGTTATCTCACGCAAAAAGGCTTATGCCTCGCGCTGGAGTTGGGGCCGCACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3820290_3820371
GTGGAAAGCGGAATTACCCTTCGTCACCGATGGCGTAGTTGTACGAGCGGCGAAAGAGCCAGAATCCCGCCATTGGCTACC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4419054_4419135
CAAACCGGGCGATGTAGTAAAAGTGAAAGACATTGAAATTCATGCGCTTGATGCTTTCGACCGTACTGCACTGATCACCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 851766_851847
TGATATTTGCTGACTACATTGCCGCCAGTGGCTCCACGCAGAAATCGCTTGGCTTAACGCTCAATCGCGTTGTCGATGGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1678860_1678941
AAGCGAAAGGTGCCTACTCTTTCTACATCGTTCGTCAAATCGATGCCAACCAGGGCGGCAACCAGCGTATTACTGCATTCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1502752_1502833
CCGAAATGAAAGAAGCGATAGCGCAGCGTAAACCACTGGTTACCACCGCTGGGCCGCGTAGTCTGATTTTCCGTGGGGCCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4080095_4080176
CTGATAAGCGCAGCGCATCAGGCAATCTTACGCTTGTCATCAGTCTCATGCCCATAACCTTATTGATGTGGTGGTGGGTAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4614431_4614512
TATCATGCCTACAAGTCTGTGCCGAACCGTAGGCCGGATAAGGCGTTCACGCCGCATCCGGCAGTCGGCGCATAATGCCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2282831_2282912
CCGGCGGGGTTTTTTGTATCTGCAGATTATGCCTGATTACGGTATTGCTATTTTTTGCAGGCCAGATAAGGCGTTCACGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2836260_2836341
GGTGGTGCGCGAAAGCGGCGAAATGCTGCGCCGTTCGCGGGGGTATGTGCCGGATGCGCTGGCTTTGCCTCCGGGCTTTAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 402415_402496
CGTTACGCTTGGCGGCGGCGCAAAAACCTTTGCTGAAACGGCAACCGCTGGTGAATGGCAGGGAAAAACGCTGCGTGAACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 864715_864796
ACGCAGAACTTGCAGCATTGATTGCTGAACACGATCTGGTGCTCGACTGTACGGATAACGTTGCGGTACGTAATCAACTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 622886_622967
TTCCGGCGTTGCCACCGCCACCGCAGCCGCGTGAGCATCCGTTGAAATCATTACTGGCAGGATTTCGTTTTCTGCTTGCCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2264414_2264495
TGTTTGCGGTGTGATGGTGTGGCTGTTTTTACCGTCGATGCGAAAAGAGCTTCCGCTGGCGACCGGCACGATCGAAGCGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 628083_628164
TCGTTCTCCGCTGGAGCAAATGCTGAAAGAGAGTGGACGTAACCAGCTGATTATTACCGGGGTATATGCCCACATTGGCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2417802_2417883
TGATTGGCCTGATCTTTACCATGGTGTACGCCTCACGAGTGAAAAAGAATCCTCTTCTGTCACGCGTGCATGAGTCCGACC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1615205_1615286
ACTGGAGGGAAAACTGAATGCGGCGTTTATTGATGGACCCATTAACCATACTGCCATCGACGGGATACCGGTATACCGCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 543108_543189
ATATCCTTCCTGAAAATCGCGCAAATTCTATATATTGCAGAGATCATGTAGGCCTGATAAGCGAAGCGCATCAGGCAATGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4373760_4373841
TGCAGATTGAAATGCTGGCGCGAGCAATCATTCATGCAATTAATAATGCGGAAATGCGTGAACTGGCATTACGTATTACCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2684841_2684922
ACCTGTTCGTTGATATGGCGCACGTTGCGGGCCTGGTTGCTGCTGGCGTCTACCCGAACCCGGTTCCTCATGCTCACGTTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1265514_1265595
GTGATGGTGTGTATGGTCGTCTGAAATTTGAATCCGGCGGTCATCGCGTGCAACGTGTTCCTGCTACGGAATCGCAGGGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3491123_3491204
GCCGTTCTGCCACTTTGCTTATATCGAAAAAGAGGGCAATGCCCTGATGCAGGATCTGGAGGAAGAAGGTTATCTGGTTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2217939_2218020
ATCTGACGTTGCTGTTTGGTGCGGTGCTGCCTGCGTTAGTGATTGGTGTGCCGTTGGGCATCTGGTGCTACTTTTCCACTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2963395_2963476
GACAGGGTGACTGTGTCATTGTGCAGTGGGATGCGAACAGTAACGGTATCTGGGATCGCGAACCGGTAAAAGAGTCCGACC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1499168_1499249
ACTTATCGGCGTTATCTCGTTTAATCGTATTGAACCACTGAATAAAACCGCTGAAATAGGCTACTGGCTGGACGAATCTCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4040732_4040813
AGCGGATTTGAACGTTGCGAAGCAACGGCCCGGAGGGTGGCGGGCAGGACGCCCGCCATAAACTGCCAGGCATCAAATTAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1491128_1491209
AACCGATGATGACGGGACTGGCGCATTTGGGACATTTGGTGATTTATCTCCTGTTTATTGCGCTGCCAGTGATTGGTTTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1389373_1389454
GAAAGTGAAGCTGGATAACCATCTTATCAGTGAGCGGATGGTGGCAATTCGCACAGCTGTGCCCGATGCGACGCTGATCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 775460_775541
CCGTAGTGGAAGGGGCGTCGCGTGCTATGCGTATCTCCATGAACCGTGAACTTGAAAATCTGGAAACGCACATTCCGTTCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4563134_4563215
CCCAAACTCGGAAGTAAAAATCCTCAAAAAAATAAAAATCCCGCTGCAAGACTCCCCAACCAATTGCGGTTTTGAAGGGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3757212_3757293
TGATGATTGGTATGCCGAAGTCACTGACCGCCGCAACGGGTATGGATGCCTTAACGCACGCTATCGAAGCATATGTTTCTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1630144_1630225
AGAGGATACGCTGGCGAAAATCGAACAACTTACCGGTGTGCGCGATCCTGCGGGCGTTGCCTGTGAACCTTTCCGCCAGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3422776_3422857
TTTGGGTACGCAAGATGCCTAAGAAAGAGGCTGAAGATCTGGCGGTGCATTACCTAGAGCGGGTGAGAATTGCCGAACATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 479603_479684
ATTTTTTCGCCAACTTCGATTGCGTGATGCTTGATGTCTGCCCTATTCGCATCGGTGATAACTGTATGTTGGCACCAGGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2745605_2745686
CGATCGTGATGCGGCGAACCTGCTGACGAATTGTGAAATTGTCGTGGATTCATCGCAGCTGCCTCAGCTTGAAGAGGGGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1132162_1132243
CGGCACCACTGTTCTTGCGGGAACCGGCAGTGAAGAAGGGGCTGTGACCACGACCACGCCGTTTGGTGTTGAGCTGCAACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4493851_4493932
TTCATGCCGCACATCAGGCCGGCGAGTTACAGGGCAAGCGAGTATTTATTTCCGGTGTTGGACCCATTGGCTGCCTGATTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2229212_2229293
CGGGCTCTGGCGAACAAAATCGCCGCTGCGCGGTGCCCTCGGCTTATCCCTTACGGCTACCGGGTCGGGCGCGAGGTAACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 823079_823160
TATTGCTGGTCTGGCGCGATAACGAAGAACATCGCGATGATATTGAACGCCATTATTTGAAAATGCTCACTCAGGCGCGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3409471_3409552
GCTGGCGTTTGGTACGGGTACCCATCCAACCACCTCTCTGTGCCTGCAATGGCTCGACAGCCTCGATTTAACCGGTAAAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 156552_156633
TGACTGCAGCAAAGCAAATCCGAATCCAGGTAGCACGGCTAAAATGACCTTCGGTTCTGTTTTCTTTGGTAACAGCAAAGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3766719_3766800
AAATAGTAGAACAATCTCAAATTACTGCTTTTGATAAATCGACTAATGTCAGACGTGCTACAGCATTTGCTATTTCTGTTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1334303_1334384
AAGCGCTGCATCTGTATGAAGATTTAGTGATGTTACCGTGCTACCACTGGAATCGGGCTATTGTAGTCACTCCGGATCACC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3857618_3857699
TGCCATCGCCAGTCGGTGATGACGGGCTTTATCACCATCCGCTCTATTTTGCCTGTAATGACTTTGTTGATGACCAAATCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1141045_1141126
CTGGGGCGGGCATTTTTTTGCCTATTTTGCATTGTTGGTTAGCAAGGATGCCATTCGATGAATTTTAATATGTTGATTCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1354948_1355029
ATCTGCTCTACGAAGTGAAACCGATTACCGGTTTTGCGTTGATTGATGCCTGGCTTTCGGACTCACCATGGCGGGATGAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 673453_673534
GCGCGACTGGGGTGTTTCCCGTCAGCGTTACTGGGGCGCGCCGATTCCGATGGTGACGCTGGAAGACGGTACCGTAATGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 574395_574476
AATAAAGGGTAATATATAACAGAAGGTTTATATAGTTAGAAGCAAGGTTGTGCTTCTAAAGGAAGTGGCTTGAGGGAGCCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3963448_3963529
AAAGTTGCAGCAATTGAAACAGCGAGCCATTCATTGCGGTCGGCTGGAGGAACTGGAGATTGACGGGCTGACGCTGGAACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1962481_1962562
TTTGTTGCAAGCTATTCCTGATAAATAATTGCAACAAGACATCGAGCCTTTTTCACTGAGTTATTAAACATACTCGCGAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4129213_4129294
TACAAAATCCGCTGGCATTAGGTGCCGATCTGGTGTTGCATTCATGCACGAAATATCTGAACGGTCACTCAGACGTAGTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3113908_3113989
AAAGTGGATGGGGGCTGGCGGTGATGATATTATCCGCCTGGCTGATTGCCGCGAGTGTCATCGACCTCGATCACCAATGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 293530_293611
TGAAATGAACCGGCAGGACACGCTTGTCATTCCAGATCTAAGCTGTCTTGGCAGAACTGTGGAGGACTTACAGAATATTTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1529_1610
TTATCTCGGTGGTAGGTGATGGTATGCGCACCTTGCGTGGGATCTCGGCGAAATTCTTTGCCGCACTGGCCCGCGCCAATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4639909_4639990
CCCGCGTGAACTGACGATTCGTGCACGCAACCTACTGTCCCGTACCATGAATCTGGGTACTGTCAGCGAAGAACGTCGTAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3885860_3885941
CGGCGTGGATCCCGCATAACGACGGTACCAACAACTTCTATACCGCTAATCTGGGTAACGGCATCGCCGCTATCGGCTATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1224054_1224135
TCTCCCAGTATATCCATACTAACAATAAGGTTATTTACTCAACCAGGCATAAACATTTTGTTTTGTGCGTGGGAACAGCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 594010_594091
TCTCGACGTTCGCCTCGACCCGCAGACCGTGCCCATTGAGCTGGAACAGCTGGTACTGTCGTTCAACCATATGATCGAGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4602434_4602515
AAGATGGCTGGTAGCCTTAATGGTTGGCCTTTCTTGCGCCTGTTTCTGTAAACTCAATAACGGTGGCTGGGATGGTGCCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1323621_1323702
GCAGGGCGGCGCAGTGACGCGCGGTCATTTTGCGCGTTTCCTTGTTGAGTGCGGCAAAGCCAGTTCAATGGCGGATGTCTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2749378_2749459
TGACCGTTGATGACATCATGGTGCCGCGCAGTGAAATTATCGGTATTGATATCAACGATGACTGGAAATCGATTCTGCGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3750394_3750475
CTGGTCACAGGCCGGGCTGGATCTCCCCGCCTGGGGCACCACCCACGCCGATTATTTTTACGGTGCCATCCCCTGCACGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 671050_671131
ACTTAGAACTGGATGACGCGGCAAATCAGGTGCTCTGCTACTGTTATGAAGGTAACCTGCTGGCGCTGGCTCAGGCACTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 7205_7286
GAATATCGGGCAACTTCCCCACGTCATTTGGTCTATTTTTGAGAGTGCTTTTGGCTGGCAGGAAGCGGCAGGCGGCGCGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1157136_1157217
TCGTGAACTGAACAAGCCGGTTATCGTCCATACCCGTGACGCCCGTGCCGATACGCTGGCAATTCTGCGCGAAGAAAAAGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2933325_2933406
CCGTTCATTGCACGGCAGTTTCCATTCTTAACCGATCGATCCCCGCTATTCACTACATGATTGCGGCGGCTGGCGGTAATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 324535_324616
GTTCCGTCATGGTTATGCTGCTCTTCTGTAAATATCCTGGTATTACCAATGCCAGGATATTTACAGTGAAAAAGACAGGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 569626_569707
CGAATAAAGCTCTGATAGGTATTTGCGTACCTTCATATCGTGCAAGAGGGAAAGGGATAAGTGAAATCGCTGGCTATTATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4629649_4629730
GTCGTAAGTCGATTGAGAAAGAGCTGGAATGGGTACGTCAAGGTACTAAAGGCCGTCAGTCGAAAGGTAAAGCACGTCTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1954456_1954537
GGCCTACAAAACCTTGCTAATTCAATATATTGCAGGGACTATGTAGGCCTGATAAGCATAGCGCATCAGGCAGCTTTACGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2377174_2377255
GGGGCTGCAAAATGCTGAACAACGTGCGGAACGTCAGCGTTCCGATCGCCAATGGGTGCAGCGTTTTCTCACAGAACCGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 626836_626917
CGGCCGATCCCAGCGCCACGCTCTGTTTCCCATTGATTGAAAAACATCAGGTTAACGTTACCGCGCTGGTGCCACCCGCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2874666_2874747
GTCCGACACTGCTCGAAGTGCTGGAAACCGTGGAGATCCAGCGAGTGGTGGATGCTCAGCCAATGCGCTTCCCGGTGCAGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3522322_3522403
TGCGCTTCGATTACAGCGAAGACTCACTCAGTCCCGCCTATAACGTGACTGCCGCGCAAAGCAAAGAGCTGGCAACGCTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2281473_2281554
CTGGCGACACCCCCGGCGCTGAGCGCGATGTGTTAATTGAAAATTTTAAAGCCCAGCGTTTTCGCTATCTGGTCAACGTCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 190197_190278
TCAGTCCATCAAACGTCTGAAAGACCTGGAAACTCAGTCTCAGGACGGTACTTTCGACAAGCTGACCAAGAAAGAAGCGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1863229_1863310
CTGCCTGGCTCCGCTGGCTAAAGTTATCAACGATAACTTCGGCATCATCGAAGGTCTGATGACCACCGTTCACGCTACTAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2708237_2708318
GGTTGCCCGAGATGGTACACGCTACAGCTACATCGTGTGGATGGACACCGAATCGAAATTACCGATGCGGGTTGATCTCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2109820_2109901
CAGTTTTTGATGTTGCTGTTGATATTCGACCCAATTCGGTATCCTTTGGTAAATGGGTTGGTGTTCTGCTTTCAGCTGATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4155464_4155545
ATCCGACGGCGGCACAGCTGGCGCTGAAACCGTTGATTGATGCCGATCTTCTTGACCTCAATCAGTGGCCGGTGATCAACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 776935_777016
AGCGGCAGAAGCAGCTGCAGCTGAAGCAAGAAAGAAAGCGGCAACTGAAGCTGCTGAAAAAGCCAAAGCAGAAGCTGAGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2392237_2392318
GCTGGCTGCCGGATGCGCACTCCCAGGCTCCGACCGCCGGTTCCGTTGACCTCGCGGGGATCTTGCTGAAAACTGCCGCTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4501807_4501888
CAGAGTGCAATCGTTCATATACACTGTCGGTGATGCGCTAAAAAATGCGTTAATGTTGAGTTCCTCGAACCCTTACCAATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2883345_2883426
TATTGAATTATGCGATCCCATTGGGATTGGTAAATGTTCTTGCTGTGGACAGGAAAGCAATTTGCGTTATACCGGTTTTCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1604504_1604585
CAGATTTCGCTAACCTGGATGTGCTGGGACTCCCCGTTCCGCTGATTATCTTCCTGATATGTCTCCTCGTTTTCTGGCTCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2994737_2994818
TTCAATAAAATTGCTTGAAGCAGGTGCGAAAGGATGCGTATGGAAAACCAGTCACCCGGCGAAACTAAATCGTGCTATTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4158909_4158990
ACTCGATTGCGTGATCCTCGCGCTGGTGAAAGAGAGCGAAGCATTCATTGAAGTGCCGTTGTTTGATGAGCCAATGTTGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3110476_3110557
TTGCTTTTGGATCTGACAATAACCTTCACGAAAAAAATTAGCTTATAAAGTCTGGGGGAATTACTCTCGCCACGTTAACGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3881732_3881813
GGCAACCGACGGCCACCGTCTGGCGGTCTGTTCAATGCCAATTGGTCAATCTTTGCCAAGCCATTCGGTGATCGTACCGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 364729_364810
TATTTGCCCGATGTACGCGCGCGTGGATGAAGACCAGCCCTTCCCGGCTGTGCCGAAATGGTCCATCAAAAAATGGCTTTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3387165_3387246
CGCGTTATCAGCTTCTCAAGCGCGGCGTTATCAGTAACACAAAAATCAACGCCACCGAAGAAGAGATCCTGCAAGGCGAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 504047_504128
GATCGTGGTGTTGGCGCAAATCAGCCGTTGGTACTCGGCACAGCACCGAATGAATAAAGGAAAACCCAAAGCGACGATTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3984233_3984314
TAAACGCCTTATCCGGCCTACATGATCGTGCAAATTCAATAAATTGCAGCGTTCTGTAGGCTGGATAAGATGCGTCAGCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2878054_2878135
TTCGGGGTGAGTCCGGTTTATCCCCGCTGGCGCGGGGAACTCTAGTTTCCGTATCTCCGGATTTATAAAGCTGACGGTTTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3779403_3779484
CAATGCGCGCCACACCTGGCGACAAAGAAAAGATTCAGCTTTGCTTTGAAGCAACGCTAAGTGAAGACCCGGATATCGCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 854167_854248
TCCTGCTCCTGTGCTGGTGTTGTTTCCCTGGAAAGGCGATGCAATACCATACGGGGGTGCAAACACCGGAGTGGAAACCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2803942_2804023
GCTGAAAAAGAAAATCGCCAGTGTGTTTCTTGAATCTTTTTTGTTCTATTCCGGTTTCTGGCTGCCGATGTATTTTTCCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2714840_2714921
CGCTACTGAATGATGAGGCCGATGTTGGCGTCTTTTATCGTGTAGGGAATGATGATGCTCTGAATCGACGAGAGTTGGGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 124309_124390
TGCAGATATCGAAAAACTGCCGTACATCACCTTCCCGGAAGGTTCTGAAGAGCATACCTATCTGCACGCTCAGCGTCAGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3019786_3019867
GTCTGGAGATGCTGCGTGAAGCCGTGAAAGCCACAGGCCGTGGTTTGCATATTCACGCTGCGGAAGACCTTTACGACGTTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1666832_1666913
CCGAAAAAGTCGATCATGTCGTGGTAGAAGGGACTGGCGGCTGGCGCAGTCTGATGAATGATTTGCGTCCACTCTCTGAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 118969_119050
CCGTGATGGTGAAATAGTCCAGTATGTTCCTTTCGATAAACGTGCATGGCATGCGGGAGTCTCTCAGTATCAGGGGCGCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2464122_2464203
CAGTGACGAACATCAGTATTTTTACATAATTACGTCTAGGTCATTGTCGGTTTATCTCCTTTTACTTGTGGTAATTGAGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 301370_301451
TCAGCACGCGGTGGTAGGCGTAAGCGAAGCCTGCATTGCCACCCATCCGAGCGATATGGCGGTCGCAATGCGGTTGCTGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2073059_2073140
CACCCAGAAAGCCGTCAACCTGAATGAAGGCACGCTGACGCTGAACGACAGTACCGTCACCACGGATGTCATTGCTCAGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2420905_2420986
CGCCACATTACAGTGGTTATTCTGGCAGGTAGGCGGACTGGGGCCGATGCTTGGGCAAAATCATCATTTTAATCACGCAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4457550_4457631
GCCGCCAGTTGCAGCTCATCGGTAAGATGCTGCGCCAGCGCGACGTAGAGCCTATTCGTCAGGCGCTGGATAAGCTGAAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3240527_3240608
GTATTTTTGGGCTGGTTTCTTCTACCCTGGCAACCACCGGTTTCTCCACACTGTGGGGCTACGCGCAACTGCTGGTCGTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4292302_4292383
TTACTCTGATGCTGTCGCTGCTGGGCACCTTAATTGTCCGTTCTGGCATTCTGGTTTCGGTTCATGCGTTCGCGCTGGATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 611335_611416
CGATATCGATCTTGATGACGTGATGCTGCACAGCGAAGTTAACCTGCCGATTGATTTCCTCGTTAACCAGACGCTGACGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3585913_3585994
GATAAGCGGCGATTATCGCGGGTATCAGGTTTACTCCATGCCACCGCCATCCTCCGGCGGGATCCATATCGTACAAATCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4019887_4019968
CGCACTGATTCGCAGTGGTGAGCTGGAAGTGCAGGGCGATATTCAGGTGGTGCAAAACTTCGTTGCGCTGGCAGATCTGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 302189_302270
GACAGTGCGGAGCCTGTACCGTGCTGGTCAATGGTCGCAGGCTTAATGCCTGCCTGACGCTTGCAGTCATGCATCAGGGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 800059_800140
GCATAAACATGAACAACGTCACAAATTCATCCATTGATTTTACCCCACTGGTCAACGAGCCGTTCGTGCTGGCCTGTCGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1562746_1562827
CAGACCCGCAATATGTTGTTGATGTGACGGTCGGTTCTAATCACAGCCGTGGCACGGCGATCGACCTGACGCTTCGTGATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1885188_1885269
TGCTGGAAGCCTGCCCGGAAGTCCACGATCTGAAACTGGCGGCCCGCTTTACCACCCGCACGCCTGCCAACTGGAAGAACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2191912_2191993
AACCAGCAGCATGTTAAAAATTAGCTGCCCGAAAGAAGTTGCTGGTGTAAAACTCTCGTTGATTACCAACGATAAAATAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 431532_431613
GGGTCGTAATAAAGATGGTCGCCAGAGCACCTGGTACATGGGTCTGGGTACCGATATCGACACTGGCCTGCCGATGAGCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1405156_1405237
AATTGCGTCAGGGAGAATTGGATTTCACCATCAATACCTATTATCAGGGACCGTACGACCACGAATTTACTTTTGAGAAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3057755_3057836
TCAGGTACAGCATCTTTCTGACCTGCTGAATATGAGCGATGTGGTGAGTCTGCATGTACCAGAGAATCCGTCCACCAAAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2920037_2920118
ACCTGGCGAGCAAGAAATCGACACTGTTCGTGCATTGAAGAAACGCTTCCCGGATGCGCGGATTACCGTTGATCCCAACGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3952909_3952990
GATGGTTTCCTCCTGGAACCGCGCAGCACCAAACACCATCCCGACGGCGGCAAAAGCCGGTGGTAACTACCTCTCTTCCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2614319_2614400
TGTTAATCTGGTTTTCCGGGCTGGTGATGAGTGAAAACGCGATGTGGGGAGTCGCGGTTTTACACTGCGCCGAGGGCAAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4197250_4197331
CAGCCATTGCCGTGAGCGTTACTACCCGCAAATCGCCCCCTGCATTATTGTTGCCATCCGTCGCGATGATTCGATCCTCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 955713_955794
TGGCGTAGCACTGGAACGTACCGTGACCGAGCTGCTGCAAGGTCGTGGCCTGAAAGATTTGGATGTGTTTACTCCGCCAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 888937_889018
ATGAAATAGCGTTGGTAGGCTATCCCGACGCCCATGCCCGACTCGATCCCAGCTTCCGTAACGGTAAAGAAGTTTTCGATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2362993_2363074
TGGTCGTTCGGAAAGCGATCTGGCACAAAGCCTGGACACTCTACAACTGCCGCCGGGCGTAACAATGGGCTATCGCTCCTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2784285_2784366
AACACCCCATAGATATTCAAGAAAAAAAAGATGCGTTTGTGAATGAGTTCAAGGGGGTATTATTTGATAAAAATACAAGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4026838_4026919
TCCGATGATTTTGATTGCGGGCGGCACCGGGTTCTCTTATGCCCGCTCGATTTTGCTGACAGCGTTGGCGCGTAACCCAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2964719_2964800
GAAAAACGACCCGGATTCGCGCCGCATTATTGTTTCAGCGTGGAACGTAGGCGAACTGGATAAAATGGCGCTGGCACCGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2468635_2468716
ACAATAAAATAAGCAATCCTAAAATTGAAGAGAATGTTGGTGATTTCAGGCTGATGAGCCGTGATGTTGTCGAAAATATTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1883871_1883952
CATCAATGCCATCGGCCTGACCACGCAAAACTTCCTGCAAATGAGCTTATTCACCGATCCGCTTGGCGATGGTTCATTTAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4550585_4550666
TGAAAGCAGATCAACCGGTAGATATGAATAATCTGCCCTCTTTCGGCGTTTCGATTCTGGTGCCGCTGATCCCGGCGATCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1154584_1154665
AAGGTTGGTTCTGGCCAGACACCTGGATGTATACCGCCAATACCACCGATGTCGCGTTACTCAAGCGAGCGCACAAGAAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 323012_323093
GCGAATGTGTACCACGCTGCCTAAAACGCATATTGCAGTGATGGGAATGGAGCGTATTGCCCCCACGTTTGCCGAGGTAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2141885_2141966
ACCCAGGAGAGCTGGCGCTGGCGGTGACGCTGGAGTCGGTGACGCTGCCAGCCGATCTGGTGGGCTGGCTGGACGGGCGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3041764_3041845
TGCTATGGTTTGAACACCCGGCAGAACGTTTCCTGATCGTAACCGATGAAGCTACTGCTAATATGCTGACCGATAAACTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3161924_3162005
TGAAGTCTCGCGTGGCTGGGTGCGCTTGCGACTGCTGAACGCGTCGAACTCTCGTCGCTATCAACTACAGATGAACGATGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1531073_1531154
ATTTAAAGAAAAATTTGATAACCATTGATGCTATGGGCTGTCAGAAAGATATCGCTTCGAAGATCAAAGATAAAAAAGCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2347910_2347991
ACACCGTTAACGGTAAAACTGTGACCGTTAGCCTGCGCGAGCTGAAGAAAAAACTGTATCTCTGCCTGATGAGCGTTAACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3775826_3775907
GCTGGGCGATCTTTCTGTGCGTTTAAAACTCATTTACGGGTTGGGCGTCATTAACCGCCAGGAATACGAAGATGCGGAACT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3783112_3783193
CCTCGACCGATCAGACCTTTGCCGATGATCTCCAGCAGCTGCTGCACTGCGGCAAAAGTTTCCGCGTTTACAGCAATCCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3503520_3503601
GCACGCGGCAATCTGGGGACATGCGGAAGACGCATTCCCACAGCTGCACGCTGCGGGCAAACTTACCGCTTTCGACTTCTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4198209_4198290
CCGTGATCAAAAAAATGATGTATGCCGATCCGCAGGCGCTGCACGCTCTGCTCGATAAACTGGCGAAAAGCGTCACTTTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2664778_2664859
ACGATACGCAAAGTGCCATCAATGTGGTGCGCCATCGCAGTGATGTAAACCCACAACGTCTGGTGCTGTTCGGGCAGAGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3207634_3207715
TGAATTTATTGAGCAGACCGGCGTGAAACTGGTGGTTGGCAAAGGTGGTATGGGGCCGCTGACCGAAGAAGGCTGCCAGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 234365_234446
GACATATCTGTTACTTCAGTAAACCTTATCTATTTTGCGGCGACACACTGTTTTCTGGTGGGTGTGGTCGGTTGTTTGAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1589427_1589508
ATCGTCTGGCACCAGTGGTTACAGTTCTCTTAATTATCGTGGAGCTTATGGTAATACTAATGTCGGTTACAGTCGGAGTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4578608_4578689
TGCTGACAGGAGAAAAGGCTCCGCAACGCGTCAATATGGTTCAGTTCCATCAATCTTATAGCTATGAGGATTTTATACAGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1412578_1412659
AGCGAAACAGAATAAAGCCTGATCCGTTATCTAAAACAGAATTCAATGCATTAATGGAAAGTGAAAAAGGACAGAGCCAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 639187_639268
ATGGCACAGCAGCTCTGAAACCATCGCTAAAATCAAATATGCGATGATCGGCGACCCGACTGGCGCCCTGACCCGTAACTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1399939_1400020
ATCTTAGCATTATTGATACGCTTCCCACTGCTACGGGGGGGACGCCATTTCAGCGCGAAGTCTGGAAAACACTACGCACTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1669106_1669187
TCGCTCCGCTCATTGAAGGAACGCTGGATATGGGATTGCTGCGTAACACAGCGTTACCGGAGTCGCTTGAACACGCAGTCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3663669_3663750
GTCATCAATTTGAACAACACAATACTGACCCACATTCCCGTAATCGTATGAATTGTCAGCTTAATAATCCCAAACATGCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1393994_1394075
TTACCTCGCGGGGGATATTGATATCACCGAATCCTTCCCGAAAAATATGTATCAGAAGCTGTTGAAGGATATTCCGGGGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 773572_773653
AGGGATGATCATTACTCAGGGCGCAACCTATCTGCAAATGCGTACCGTGGGCGAACTGCACCTGCGTACCCGTGCAACGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3502716_3502797
GGCTGGCAGAGAACCTAAGCGAACTGTGTGAGTACGCGGAAAACATCGGCATGGATCTAATCCTCGAACCGTTAACGCCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 585117_585198
ACCGCCTGGGACTCATGGCCGGATATCAGGAAAGCCGTTATAGCTTTACAGCCAGAGGTGGTTCCTATATCTACAGTTCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4296741_4296822
AAGAAGGTGAAGTAACGCTGGCGCATATTCTGGTAAATACTCAAGCGGGTAAACCGGATTATCCAAAGGCAATTTCGCTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2583151_2583232
GCTGCGCCGGGCTGCTGGATAACGACGAACCGGAAGTGTGTATTCGCAAAGAAGCGATTGAAGAGACGGGCTATGAAGTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4634836_4634917
CCCTGGAAGATACGCCGCTGATTGGTGTTACCCAGAGCTACTCCTGTTCGCTGGAGCAAATCTCTGATTTCCGCCATGAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2881557_2881638
GCGGCATGATGACTGAGTTGGGAAAAGTTGATGGTGCAATGTCCATTGCGCATGCGATCACTACTCATCAGGTTGATTCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 858389_858470
AAGGTCTTGGAGCGCATACCGACTCCGGGGCACTGGAACGCTGGCTGCTTCCAGCGTATCAGCGCGTTTTCGCCAACGTCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2697566_2697647
AAAATTATCGTCTGATCGACGCCACGTTGTATGTCACGCTTGAACCATGTGTAATGTGTGCCGGAGCGATGATCCACAGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1262412_1262493
ATGAGCTGGCGGAAATGGGGCTGACGCTGGGCGCAGATGTTCCTGTCTTTGTTCGGGGGCATGCCGCGTTTGCCGAAGGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3964958_3965039
CCGCCACGCTTTCGTACCGGGTACGTGAACTGGCGTTCGAGCAGATGAACAATGCCGAATATATTGAAGTGGAACCGGAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 782567_782648
ACTTATTGATCATCTTGATAGTTTGGGTGAAAAAATCATCTGGGCACCCGACAAACATCTGGGGCGTTACGTGCAAAAACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3261232_3261313
GCCGGCACCGGAACCTAACCTGACCATTCTTTGGTCGGAAGAATTACCGATTGCCTTCAAAAAATATGCCGCGCAGGTGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1926412_1926493
GCACTATGAAACTGGCCCGTCGTTTGTGGCCTGGGATCAAGTACAGCAATATGGCGTTATATAAAACACGCAAGCTCAATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4289489_4289570
ACGGCCAGCCATCACCGCAACACCGCGAAGGGGTGAAAGATGTGATGCGCTTTAACGAGCCGATGTACAAGGTTGGAGAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3814753_3814834
GCCTGCGTCTGATTGTGTTGCTGCTTCTCGGTTTTGGTGAGCGTAATCCTGGCCTGACCCGCATCCTCACTGGTCATGCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3616559_3616640
GGTTGGCGTGCTCGGCACCGGGCTGACCAACGTAATTATCGCCATCGCCCTGTCGCACTGGGCGTGGTATGCACGCATGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3437167_3437248
ATATCCGCGCGGTGATGAGTGAATTACAGCGACTGGAAAAACCGTATAAGCGGATCATGCTGGTTGGTGGCGGTAATATCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3904619_3904700
TCGTCATGTTCGGACTGCACTGGGGCCTGGTGCCGCTGTGTATCAATAACTTCACCGTGCTGGGCTACGACACCATGATCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3919047_3919128
CAATGGGCGAATACTTCCGTGACCGCGGTGAAGATGCGCTGATCATTTACGATGACCTGTCTAAACAGGCTGTTGCTTACC
>Escherichia coli K-12 407727_407808
AAACATTAGTAGTATGACTGCGCGTAATACGATCTTTCTTGAGCCGTCGCGAATATTGCCTCCACTGGTTTCCTCTATTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2031569_2031650
CGAAAACGTCAAAAACCTGAAAAGTCACGACCAGGGTAAAACGTTCCGCATCATCATGCAGACGCTGGACGAACTGGGCTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3416546_3416627
ACGAAAATAAGGGCGGTTTCTTCGGTTGGTTTAATACCACCTTCGATCATAGCGTTAACCACTACACCAACAGCGTCGGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2090602_2090683
TTATCTCGACCAGAAAGGCATCTCTTTTAAATCCTGCTTACTGAACGGTTCTGTTGAAGTCGCCCCGCGTGCCGGACTGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3718650_3718731
TACGCAAAGCGGTCCGCTGCGTGAAATGAACGGTTCGCTGGGTGTGCTGGCGCAACAACTGCAAAATGCGAAGTTGCAGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3074901_3074982
GTTTGATTTATGCGTTGGGGAAAATGGATAAATGGTTGTACGCCGATATCACGCATTTTTCCCAGTTCTGGCATTACCTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4497268_4497349
ACAACATCGTCCCGCGCTTGAATTAAAGCGCATCCCTGAGTTGCTTACAAAAATAGATAGCTATACTGGTAGGCCGCTAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2545141_2545222
AGGTCATCAGTAAAGCACCGTTTATCCAGATAACGGGCCTGGGCGGATCGGCGCTGGTGGGGCGCGATCTGTCGTTCAAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2253481_2253562
GGGCGTGCCTGTGGAATATCTGCTGGCGGCATCATTAATGGCGATCCCTGGCGGGATCTTGTTTGCCCGCCTGTTAAGCCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1876224_1876305
GCTGCCACAGTGGCGAAGTCAACAACATGCAAATTTGAGTACCTCGCGCGCCTTACATACTCGGGGTATCTGGCGTTCACC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1073398_1073479
AAGCGATTTTAAAGGCGATTTTTTCACCATGAATGATTGTCGCGTGAGTCCGCAACCGAGTGTCCCCATGAAAGTGATCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1652090_1652171
GTGTGTTTCTGTTTATACTGGAGTTCGCCCTGGTGAGCTGTGTGCACTTGGATGGGAGGACATAGATCTGAAAAATGGAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3890820_3890901
CTTTATGGCTTTGCCGGTGTGTCTGGCGTCATTTGGTTTCCACGGCAATATTCCCAGCCTGATTATTTGCTATGGAAAACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4587367_4587448
CGGACGATCGGTTAGATCAGGCGCTAAAAGAGCTTCGTGATGCGGTGGCTGATGAGGTTCTGGAAAACTTATTGCAGGTTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 602608_602689
TAATTATGTTCTCCTTCGGCGGTCTGGAGCTGATTGGGATTACTGCCGCTGAAGCGCGCGATCCGGAAAAAAGCATTCCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 743882_743963
CAGGCGGACCGGATTTGGCGGTGGTCGCGGCGCATTGCGGGTTGAGCGAAAAACAGGTTGTTGAATTGCACTCCTCCGTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3829601_3829682
CTTACGCGTGGCCTCACTGGTAATTGCGATGGCGGCCGGATATGCGCTGGCGTGGTTTATGGGCATGTTGCCAGAAAGCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2205101_2205182
TGTTAGGTATGCTTTCTGACAGGGTGATGACGGGGCCGGAACTCACTGGTGAAGCCAGTCAGCTCTATGCGCGAGAAGGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3527497_3527578
CGCTGCGGGCTCGCTGCTGGTGCTGTTTATGCTGTTATTCTGGATCCCGCTGGATATGCCGCTGAAATTCACTCTCTCATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3958668_3958749
TCTGCTGTGCTTCGACAAGCTGGTGGAAGAAGGTACCGATCCAGCATACGCAGAAAAACTGATTCAGTTCGGTTGGGAAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2277055_2277136
CACACAAAAGCTACTCAACAGTGAACCGTCAGGCGATCCAGTGCCGTTGCCAGAACCTGCCTCAACGTTGCTGGATGTTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3774959_3775040
TCAGCGAATGGATTGTCGATAAAACGCAGTTCAAAGGCGCACTGCCGAACATCCCAGGCATGGAGTTAACCGACAACCTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2425534_2425615
TTTTATCTACGGTGCTTATTTTACCGAAACGTTCCGTGGTGCTTTTATGGCAGTGCCGAAAGGACATATAGAGGCGGCGAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1303320_1303401
TCCCCAGTTTTGTGGTTGCACCATTATTAGTCATGATATTTGCGATCATTTTGCATTGGCTGCCGGGCGGTGGCTGGAATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4060763_4060844
CCAGCGATATTCCCGAGACGCTCGCGCCACTGATTGCAGTGACGCCATCAACTGAACTCTATCGCATCACCGGCTGGGGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3654205_3654286
CGAAGCCTGATATTGAAGCCAACTATCAGGGCCGACTGCTCGCCAGACAAAGCGGCTTCCTTGATCCAGTGAACTATCGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2597222_2597303
GAATCGAAGAAGGTATTGAGCTGAACCCGCCGCTGTTCGATCTGTTCCTGAAAAACGACGCCATGCACGATCCGATGGTCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 713220_713301
GGATGAATACGCAGAGCAAAAGCGAGCGGTCAATCGCTTTATGCTGCTGTTGTCTACACTATATTCTCTTGACGCCCAGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3139121_3139202
TCCTGCCGCAGGATTTGGCAAAGCGTACTGAAACGATGAACTGGCTGTTCTGGTTACAGGGCGCGGCACCGTTCCTCGGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 786120_786201
GCGCACGTACCACCGAATCGCAGGTGCACCGCGAACTGGCATCAGGGCTTTCTTGTCCGGTCGGCTTCAAAAATGGCACCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1703749_1703830
CGATCGTTGGCGTGAACAGGGCGGCCCAGGCAGCGGTATCTGGTACGATTTAGCACCACATCTTCTTGATCAGGCCATTAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 72133_72214
GTTGCCTGATGCGACGCTTGCCGCGTCTTATCAGGCCTACAAAACGCACTACCCGTAGGTCGGATAAGGCGTTCACGCCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4111875_4111956
ACTTGTATGCTTCTACAGCGCTGGAGCGCGGTACCTTAAAAATCAAAAGCATTCAAATGACCTGGCTACCCATCCAGGGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2844442_2844523
CTGTGGACGCTGCGAAGAAGTCTGCCCGACGGCGGCGATCAAACTGTCGCAAGAGTACGAACTGGCGGTGTGGAAGAAAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 824077_824158
TCGATGGTGCGGAAAAGCGCGGCGTGCTCTACTGCCGCATTGTGCCGCCGATGACCGGAAAAGCGATTCATGTGATGTGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4410863_4410944
TTACCGCTGAAGAGCAAGTGTTGTCGAATCTGGAAGTCTCCCGTGATGGCGTGGAAAAAGCAGTTACAGCGACAGCGCAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1526516_1526597
TCAGCTGTTTCAACGGCTATTGGTCTGGCTGGTTGCTAATGTCTATCCAACATTCACTTTCGCCGATTACCCTGAGCGTTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 489965_490046
TGCGGCGTGACCGCCTTATCCGGCCTACGAAACCGCAAGAATTCAATATATTGCAGGAGCGGTGTAGGCCTGATAAGCGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3067671_3067752
CGCTGTGAGAACGGTGGAAGTCACGCTCCGTCAGTTAGACAAACTGAATTCCTTGCTGGATGGCGCGCTGAAGGCGGGTCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4466733_4466814
TGGCGCGTGACGCAAAAGGCTTTGCTTCGGTCTGTTATGACGACGAAGGGGCAATCAAAATCCTGATGCAACGGCTGTATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1851329_1851410
GCGGCAACCGCACTACCAAAGCCCATGCCGATGGTTTTGATGCGTTTGCCTCTCCAAACCTTCCTCCGTTACTGGAAGCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1349504_1349585
GGACAATTGCGACATTTCAGGCTTATCTCGGGCATCCGGTACGCTGGTTACCCGGGCTGGAGATACAAAACTACGCCGACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2469757_2469838
ATCTGTAATATGCGTGGTGTGCTTGCTTGCGTCAATATTTGCAATATCTTATTCAAAAGGTGTTGTTGAATTAAATAAGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2307754_2307835
ATACCAACGTTGCCGCGACCTATTCGTTGACGCTTTTATTCCTGCGTACGCCGCTGCTTTCGGCGGTTGGCGCATTGCCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3216070_3216151
GGCGATGCAGGCGCAACCGGGCGATAAACTTACGGTGGCAGGTCCGCGCGGTTCGCTGGTGGTGCCGGAAGATTACGCGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1845940_1846021
ATATCTGCCAGAAACTGTACGAAACGCACAAGCTAATCACTTATCCGCGTTCTGATTGTCGCTATTTGCCAGAAGAACATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2060400_2060481
TGGTATCGCCAGCGAGCGTTTGAGTAATGACCCGCAGCTCGTCGCCTTCCCGTGGTTTCGTTGGCACCATAGTTTGCTTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 149165_149246
GGTAGAAACCGTACAAATGCTGACCGAACGTGCCGTTCCTGTATGTGGTCACTTAGGTTTAACACCACAGTCAGTGAATAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1613970_1614051
GGCTATTGGCGCACAGGCTGGAGCGGCACTGAAAAAATGCGTACTGGAACTGGGCGGTTCGGATCCGTTTATTGTGCTTAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2383279_2383360
TCCTACTGGTCTCTACGTCCCCTACTCCACCAGAACTCACCTGGAAGACGCTCTCAATGAAAATATTAAGAGCGATCCATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2638024_2638105
GACAGTTAACCTCGATATGCCTTCGCTCTCTTTGCGTGGCGAGTCTGCGCCGACAACGGCTTTTGGTGCGGCCGTCGTGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1741948_1742029
GCGGACTGGCACACTACATGGCATCTAATTATGACGTAAGCGTGGTGGGCGTCACCATTTCTGCCGAACAGCAAAAAATGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4164522_4164603
ACAACTACGATCCCCATTATGGTCGTTATGATTCGTCGGCGACGCTCGATGAGATGAAGCAATACACCGTCCAGTGGGCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 27711_27792
AGCCGTATATTCGCCGTCTGGTGATCATGGGTGGTTCTGCCGGACGCGGCAACTGTACGCCAAACGCCGAGTTTAATATTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4430531_4430612
TCGCTTTCGTGGGGATTGAGCTGGTAGGTACAACAGCTGCGGAAACCAAAGATCCAGAGAAATCACTGCCACGCGCGATTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1328694_1328775
TCCGCAGGTCTGGCAGGACGTCATGCAGGTCAACGTTAATGCCACCTTTATGCTCACCCAGGCACTGCTTCCTTTATTACT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3570293_3570374
ATGCCAGCGCCTGCCTGCGTTATTGGGTAGAAACCTGCCACGTCGATGGTTTCCGCTTTGATCTGGCGGCAGTCATGGGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 385674_385755
CCGGGCAAGTGGAGATTGTGAACCTGCAGCCGCCCGCGATTATCGCTGCCTGGCAGCGGGGAGATATTGATGGTGCTTATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2484023_2484104
ATTGTGCTGATGCTGGCGCTAATGGTTTCGTGAGTAAAAAAGAAGGCATGAACAATATCATTGCGGCTATTGAAGCTGCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1314300_1314381
TTGCAACCGTTCATCATCTGCCACCAACACTGATGGCGCAGTGGTATTTTGGTGATGCCAGCAGCAAATTCCGTCCTTACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2394086_2394167
CCGGTTTTGCCGCGCTGGTACAGACCGACATCAAACGTGTTCTCGCTTACTCTACCATGAGCCAGATTGGCTACATGTTCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1839034_1839115
TTTACTGCTGGCGCTACCGGCGACACTTAAAGGGAATGCCCGACGTAATGCCGTGAATGATGCACTTGAGCGTTCAGGCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4046097_4046178
GTCGCTGGATATGCCGTTTATGAAGCGTTATTCCCGCGCTTATTTATTACGTCATCCGGAGCGACGTGGTAAAGATGTTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 18033_18114
CCTCTCTTGGCGTCGCGGCTGTAGCAATTGCGGTACTCGCGGTATTGAATCTGTGTGGTGCACGCCGCACGGGCGTCTATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3164805_3164886
CTATCGTCTGGAGAAAGTCCTCAAGCGCCTGCATATCCTCGAAGGTTTGCTGGTGGCGTTTCTCAATATCGACGAAGTGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 677025_677106
CGCCGAATGCTGTGGCGAAGGGGGAATCAAAGCCTGGGATTATGTCCGGATGGGTTTTTTAAGCCGAATGGGCGTACTTAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 58837_58918
GGGGATATCGAGTTAAGTGTCACTTTTTTCATTGAAAAGAATAAGATATGTACTCAGACGTTGCAGCTGCATAAGGGCCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 21838_21919
CATGGAATACGGCTTCGATATCACCAGTACGCAAACTTTTTGCGAAGGTGGCGTGCGCATCAGCAGCACCGCCGTGCGTCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3285047_3285128
TATGACCAAAGCCGATAAATGCGCGAAAGAGGCGGATACGGCAGCGTTTTCCCGGCTTAACTGGACAACGATGCTCATCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2778026_2778107
GGAAGTTAGAAGTCTCAGCAAAACACCGACCAGACGGTGAGGAGACATAAAAGGATACGCAAAGGAGCCGCGGCTCCTGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1775026_1775107
ATCTGGAGTTATTTACCGGTGATGATCAGGTTAAAGAAACCGTCGCCTACGCCCACGCGCATGATGTGAAAGTAGTCATGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 974941_975022
TTTCGGAAACTTCCGGAACGCTGCGTGAATTGCAGGATACGCTGGAAGCGGCAGGCGACAAATTGCAGGCTAATCTGTTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 949075_949156
GGGCTTTGACGCTGGCGTTCGACTTAGTTGCATCGTCGAAAAAGATATGATCAGCGTGGCGATCGGCCCGCCAGTGAAATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 645809_645890
TTAGCTGGTTGCAGTGGTTCCTCTGCTTCCTGCCGGTTGGGGTTATCTTGCTTATCATTGCGCCGTGGCTTTCCTACGTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3276028_3276109
CGGTTTTCAGTCCATGGTCGAGGATATTTTGCAGATCGCCGAACGCCATCTACAAAAACTGAATCAACGGCAGCGAGAAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1391354_1391435
TGCGGTCAATATTGGTTCGATATTCCGTAATGGTTGGGAAAACAATGTGAAATCTATTGATGCCCTGCCATACGTTGAAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1200203_1200284
GCTATAACCCAGCATTAGCCACTAAACAACCAAGAAGAAAAATTACCCGACAACGGCTGAGCCTTGAAGAATGGAAAAAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 641339_641420
CAATTGCTTAGCCGCCGGGGTCAAACCTGGCGGCTTTTTTATGGCATTAAAAAGCCCCGCCGGGATGGCTCCGGGCAGGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 216040_216121
ATTTGCACGTTTTTTGTAGGCCGGATAAGGCGTTTACGCCGCATCCGGCAATGGTGCTCAACGCCTGATGCGACGCTGGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2218983_2219064
AGAAAAATAAACTCACTTCGCTTGCCGACCTGAGTCGTTATCTGCAAGAGGGCGGCACCTTCAAACTGGCAGCCTCGGCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 305956_306037
TGGTTAACTATACCCTGCAAACAAACGGACTCAGCAACACCTCAATCCATATATTCCCGGCGATCGCCAACTCGTCGTTAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 821981_822062
TACCGCAGGCGTGGTGGAGTTGCCGGATCACTGGTATGTCGATCAAACTACGCTGCGTATTCTCGGCATTGGCTTACTGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2605491_2605572
AGCGTGGCTACCGGACGCAATGGAAGCGCCAACACCGATCAGCGCCTATCTCCACGCCGCATCGATGGTGAAAGTGGGCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1294835_1294916
GACACCTGATAAACCCGAGCTGCGTGAATATTATGGGTCTGCCAACACATCCACTAAGCGGCAGAACGCCTACCCGGTTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 451097_451178
AGGGCATTGCTACCGTGAATGAAATCGCTTTCCCGGCGAACACTCCGGTGTACTTCAAAGTGACCTCCAACTCCGTGATGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4580726_4580807
ACATTCTGTATTTAAGAAGTTAAATTTTGAATCTATCTTAACTGAATTACGTAATGGTCTTTCATCAAAGCCAAATGAAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1723088_1723169
TTTATCTGCAAAGTAGTCAGGAATTACATCGTCTGCAAAGCGGTGTAGATGATCATACCAGACTCCCACGGACATCCGGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1286148_1286229
GTGTCTGATTGGCGGCGTGCTGTTGCTGAAACGTCGTCTGTTCAGCCCACGCGTGCGTGCAACCACTACCGGAGCGGATAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1903443_1903524
AGCACGCTGCGGATAAGGCTGCTGATAACGGCAACCTGACAGCGATTTCCTGGATCCACGTTTCTTCTCTGTTCCTGCAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3547891_3547972
GATGCGGCGTGACCGCCTTATCCGGCCTACGATTCGGGATGAATTAGTAGGCCGGATAAGACGCGTCAAGCATCGCATCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1910923_1911004
CCTGCTTATCACTGCGTTGAGTGGTTTCGCTCAGGGGCAATCGCTGACGTTAATTGCTGCGGAACTGGTGGTAATGGTTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4389837_4389918
GCCGTGCAACGGTATTCTGCGTGAGATGATCTACGTGCCGGGCGATCTCTTCTCCGTTAACCATCTCACGGCTCAGAACGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3093969_3094050
GGATGCGGCGTGAACACCTTATCCAGCACACATCTGGCAGCGGCTATAGGTCTGATAAGACGCGTTAGCGTCGCATCAGAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 78171_78252
GTCTGGTATTGATTGCATTTATGCTTCCGTCTGTGGCGCGGGTAGAACTGCCGTCGGAAAATGCTTTATCAATGCAAGGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1112095_1112176
GTCGCACTACTGGGGACATAACGCGATTATCCGCGTGAAACCGTTTATCGAGCACTGCGCACTGGCTCCGCTGCCGGGCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3129554_3129635
CACTTTCTCTCCGGCGCTAAAAAAACTGATGGATCAGGTGCGCAAAAAGGTGACCATTCGCTGCATCAATCGTCAGCGGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 937638_937719
CTATAACCCGTTCGTTGAGCAAGCTACGGCAACCTGGCTGAAAGATGCCACCGGTAATACGCCGTTTATGCTGATTGCCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3190216_3190297
TAACGTGCGAGAAATACCGCCCAAAACAGATAAAAAAAATGTGATGCAAGTCACTATGCAGCACGCATTGAAACTATTCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3147234_3147315
TGATGATAAAGGTCGTGAGCTGCAACAGCAGGTTGATCCAACAAACTGATGAATGATTTCTTTGCCGCAATTGAGTTTATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1422317_1422398
CCGGGAAGAACCACTTAGCGGCAGCTATCGGGAATCGCCTGCTGAAAGACGGTCAGACAGTGATTGTGGTTACCGTGGCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3734271_3734352
CATTGGCGCGCTTGGCTTAATGGCTTTTGTTGGTTGGCAATGGCGCGGAAGAATGCGCCGTCAGGCTTTGGGTTTACAGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4616251_4616332
TGGCAGCACGCTGGTACGCCTTAACCTGAAAGCCATTGCCGAGCGCAGCGAATCGCTGGATGACTTCTTTACGCGCACTCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 606785_606866
AACGGATACGCGTTTTGCCTCCTCACGACCGAATATTTTTTCCGCCTTTCCTGATAATGGCCCGATGCCGTGGGTCAGTAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2116478_2116559
AAAAATGGGCTGCCCGAGGGAAAAAATCGCCGTATCGCGCATGGGCGTAGATATGACGCGCTTTAGCCCGCGTCCCGTGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1913753_1913834
CCGTACTGTAACGTTGACCCGTGAACGTATTCGTCTCGAAGACCGCGCGGTTAAAATGTCGGTGAAGACCGTCGGTAAAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3755703_3755784
GTTTACCGGCTCAACGGAAGTGGGCCAACAAATTATGCAATACGCAACGCAAAACATTATTCCGGTGACGCTGGAGTTGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 925673_925754
AGGTAAGGATAAAAAAGGGTGCTGCAGGAGAATGGGATGGTTTTGCTTTATTAACAACGGGCTAAACGTGTAGTATTTGAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1403871_1403952
TGCCGTGCACATTGGCACTGGCGTACCTGCGGGCACCGTGGTGTGCGGCAGTGATAATTTTATGGCAACCACCAAATTTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3914476_3914557
TCATCCGCAACGTTTAAGCGAAGTAGAAGGCGTGAATAACCGCCTGCAACTCTCCCGTCTGGAGCGTGTTTATCAGTCCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1513284_1513365
GCTGTTGGATGAACCGCTCGGCGCACTGGATCTCAAATTGCGTGAGCAGATGCAGCTGGAACTGAAAAAACTGCAACAGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 844328_844409
TGTTTTTCTTTTCGTTGTTCGATCCGGGCAACAGCCTGAAATTTATGATGGGTGCAACGGTGCGCAGCCTGGCGATTATTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 411850_411931
GGCGAAAGGAAATCTGCGCGAACAATTTCACTTTTTGCGCAGCCCGGCCCCGTGGTTAATTTTCGCCGCCACGATGTTTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2187858_2187939
TGGCAAGTCATGGGATGCATGTGTAAATAGCTACAGAAATGCATTGGCACAAAATGCAGGTGTCTATTCCTTTAATCTGAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2739469_2739550
TGGCATCAGTGAAAAATGGGCCATTACAGGCCATGCTGGTGGCGCATGATGGTCCGGTGCTGGGGCTACACCCGATGTTCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1653366_1653447
AACCGACTGAAAATGATACCGTTCTGGTTTATGGTGCCGGTCCAATCGGCCTGACGATCGTTCAGGTATTAAAAGGCGTCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 779954_780035
GGCATCAACGACGCCGACAGCTGATGCTGGTACTGCGAATGCTGGCGCGCCGGTGAAAAGCGGTAATGCAAACACGGATTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4565235_4565316
CACTGGCTAATTTTTATCATCTTGGGCAGTTAAATCCTCCGGCGCTTAGCGGCAGCGACATTCTGAAAGTGGTTTACGGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3479665_3479746
ATACCCATCTGTTGTGGGTAGTGATAAGCGTGGTTGTGCTGGTGGCGGTGAAAATTCTCGTGCTGTATCTGCTGGCGCGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 491648_491729
CGTTGGCTTTGTACCGGTCCGTAAACCGGGCAAACTGCCGCGTGAAACCATCAGTGAAACTTACGACCTGGAATACGGCAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3228297_3228378
GCGACATTATGACTGCGCTGAAGGTACAGAACTTAAGCGGCAACTTTCGTTATAGCGTCACCGCGACTCCTGCCGGACATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 806600_806681
TCTGGTCACAAAACAATGGCCTGCAACTGCAAAATCTGACCATCGAAAACACGCTGGGCGATAGCGTAGATGCAGGTAACC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2181539_2181620
TTCCGGTTATCAACTGGCCTCGCCCTGCGGCGAATTGTTAGTGGAATGGCTGGAAGAGCTGCAAGACGTGACGCCGTTTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1309603_1309684
AATCAGCACGATTGTTCACTATTTCGGTCATTATTTCCGGCATTACCGTTTTTGCCACATCTATGACCTCAATTTTTGGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2384819_2384900
CGGAAATTAATGCCGCAATTGATTCGCTGGATGCCGAAGGCAGTACCAATGGCGGTGCCGGGCTGGAACTGGCTTATCAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 910151_910232
CACGCAATTTCCCTACCGCGCCTTCTACCCGACCGATGCCAAAATCATTCAGATTGATATCAACCCAGCCAGCATCGGCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3217051_3217132
GAATTACACCCCAAGCCCGGGCGTCATCTACCCAACGCTGGATTTTCTGCAGGAGCAGTCGCTGATTACCATCCGCGAAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 150295_150376
TGTTGAATTTTATACAGATACTAATTTCGATCCTACACTTAATCAGCAAGTCCAGTTATCCAGTTCATCAAATTACCTTTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3306876_3306957
CCGACGTTGCAGCCCGTGGCCTGGACGTTGAGCGTATCAGCCTGGTAGTTAACTACGATATCCCGATGGATTCTGAGTCTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4465430_4465511
CCAAAGTAGGCTATCAGGCGCAGGTGATCCCGGCACTGTTAGCCGGACTGGCGCTGGGCGTTATTGAAACTCGCCTTAAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 906207_906288
AGGCGAATCCACAAACGCGCTTTACTATTCTGCGCCCACAAAGTCTGTTCGGACCGCACGATAAAGTCTTTATTCCCCGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2299873_2299954
AGGACATTCCGTGCGCCAAAGTGTGCCCAAGCGGTGCGCTGGATCGTGAGATTGAATCGATCGACGACGCGCGGATGGGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2189631_2189712
CGTCGATGCCACTAAGTCGCATAGTAAACAAGACAACGGCGATGTGTTTGACGGGCAAAGTTATCAAATTGCCTACAACAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2592131_2592212
TGGTCGTCGCGGATCATTAACCTGCAACCTTACCATTCATGGCGTTCAGGGGCATGTTGCCTACCCACATCTGGCTGACAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3509161_3509242
CAGTCAACGCATTCTCGATGCCGCAGAAAGCAAAGAAGGGCGCTTTATTGGTATCAATGCGCCGCGTTCTGGCGCTTATGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1477884_1477965
TTTGAATGAGACTGGCGATGTTATTTCCGATATTGCGCTCTATTTACCATTTTTATTTTTACCGGAAAGTAACGCATCACT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3042779_3042860
GAACCTACACGCCGTTTTTGCTGGTGGGGCTGGATTCTCCGTTAGCGCGCGGGTTGATGATTGTTATCTGGAGCCTGGCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4241477_4241558
AAGAACAGGCGGAAGGTATCCTGCGCAAAATTATGGGCAACACGCTTGCAACTCAGGCAGTACAGGAAATTAAACACTCCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 452768_452849
TGTATAAGCTGGGCGACGCATTCGCCATGAGCCTGACAACCACGTTTTTGATTCGCGGCGTCGGGTTTGATGCGGGTGAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 821110_821191
TATCATCGTGTTCAGCACTGCGGGCGCGATGTTTTTAATCAGTATGCTGGCCGGTTTATTATTTAATGTTGATCCTGGTTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2163538_2163619
CAAACTGGCGCAAGACTTCAACCAGCTTGCCAGCACACTGGAGAAAAACCAGCAAATGCGGCGCGATTTTATGGCCGATAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 360530_360611
CCTCTTCCCACAAGACAACAACCACTCCGGTTCGCGTGGTATTCACTCCCCGCGCGTGGACGCTGGGTGTTTACTTCGGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1446791_1446872
CAGAAAGACTGGACGCTGACTTACCCATGGTGCAACTCAGTCATCGCCTGTTACAGGAGAGCATGAATAATCCGGCACTTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 520037_520118
CCCTTAACGCGCTGGAAAACGTCGAGCTTCCGGCTCTGCTGCGCGGTGAGAGTAGCGCGGAAAGTCGTAACGGGGCGAAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1734803_1734884
TGCCGCGTCAGGAACTCTTGCCGACGCGCACAAAGCGAAGGTGCAAAAAGCTACGAAAGTGGCAATGAATAAACTGATGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3880645_3880726
GCCAGGTGACACGTTACGAACAGCTACGCCCGTGGGATAAAGAGCTGATCCCGCTGGCGGAGCAAATCAGCACCTGGCGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2715677_2715758
GCTGGCGTGGAAAATCGCCACCAGCCCAACAAAGGAAGACGGACTTCAGGCAAAACCAATCAGCTTTTGGGCCAGCTTTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2848289_2848370
CACCCTGGAAAATATCGGCATCATCCTGCTGGGGCTGGGCGCTGGCGTAACGGGTATCGCGCTCGAACAACCGGCGCTGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4359325_4359406
TACTGGTATGGTTAAAAACCCGAAACGTACCGTTCCGCTGGCAACCATGCTGGGTACTGGTTTAGCAGGTATTGTTTACAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1925729_1925810
CGGTGTTCGCACCGTGGCGAAAAACGCCTGGGATCTACCATCAGAGTCATGGTGCATGTCTGGGCCGTCGTTCCAGAACCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4431613_4431694
AGCGACTAAAGTCGAGCGCGTTCACGCCGACAAACCGAGCGTGCCAAAAGGGCTGACAAAATACCTGACCATGCTGCATGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3337534_3337615
ACTTTGCCGCTTTCCGTGAGTACCTGAAGCAGGCTTACGGTCAGGCGCTGGCGATGTATCACGGTCAAACCTATCAGATTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2250202_2250283
AGTAACCGTGGCTGTTGCAACCGTTGTTATCTTCGGGACCGTCGCGATTTTCCTCTACCCGGCGATATATCCGCTGATGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 442234_442315
ACCGCTTTGGCAGCTCCCACCGCGTGCGTTTTGTCGCTATTAATTTCGAACCGGTCGTCGGGGAAATTCTCGAGAAAATCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4405297_4405378
ACGTTTCTGACCTGCTCGACCAGGCGCGTCAGCGTGGCGATTTCGTCATGTTTGAAGGTGCGCAGGGTACGCTGCTGGATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2252205_2252286
TGCTGGAACAGTTGACACCGCAACTACTGAACGGGTCGCGCGATTTACTTCGTCATGCGGGCGTGGTACTGGCTGATTGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2043144_2043225
GTCCCGCGGCTTTAATCTGACGGCCGCGTTCCTTTTTTGACTCAATTATTGAACCCTTCTCTACGCAACTTCAGTTCCCAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 900170_900251
CCGTCGTGATTGCCAAAAAAGATACCTACAAAACGTTTGCCGATCTGAAAGGCAAACGTATTGGGATGGAAAACGGTACTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2601470_2601551
GGTCTGCCCATTTGGCGCAATCAGCGCTTCAGGAAGCCGTCCGGTGAATGCCCATGCGCAATATGTTTTTCAGGCTGAAGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3008069_3008150
TACAGGACACGGCATGGGAAGGTTACACCAAAATCCCAACCTGGATCATGCAAGGCTACGCAACCCTGGCAGATGAAGCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2022198_2022279
AGATGCGTACCAGCCATTCAGCGAAGAGAAAATATCAATGCAGGAGGCGCTGGAAAAAGGGGCGCAGCCGCTGCGTGAGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 477803_477884
TTGGTTACCGCTCGGGTTGGTGATTGGCCTGCTGGCAGCGATGTTTGTGCTGCGTATTTTGCGCCGTATTCAGTCACCGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1225693_1225774
AAAAAGCGCCACGTCCAGCTCCCACACCGCAGGCTCCAGCGCAAAATACAACGCCGGTCACAAAAACGCGTTTAATAGATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2744916_2744997
ACGAAGGTATAGATGAGCGCGTGATCCAAACCGAAATTGACGAAGAATGGTCAATCGGCGATTACGTTCTCAGTGGTGGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3956064_3956145
AACGCATCGGTGACGAAACCTTCCGTTTATGCCAGGAGTATCTCGACGACATCATCACCGTCGATAGCGATGCGATCTGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4248602_4248683
CATTAGAACTGGGTGTCGACTACGGTCGTGCCAACTTGCGTGATAACTATCGTCTGGTTGATGGCGCATCGAAAGACGGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4216239_4216320
CGTGTTCCAGATGGATGAAATCCTTCACGCGCTGCGTGACCATATTGTTGGTCTGAACTGCGGTCGTTGGGATTACATCTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1710475_1710556
TTCTGGAAGCAACCGCGCCAGATGGCTATTCCGGTGCGATTCAGCTGCTGGTGGGAGCCGATTTTAACGGCACGGTACTTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 347611_347692
CAAAGAGCTGGCGGCCCAGGCGATTCATCGGGAATATTTTGCCCGCCACGATGCGCGACAGGGCAAAAAGTCGCATCCGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3823415_3823496
GGGCTTATAAAGAGCACGGCGAAACCAGTACTACCGCACAAATCCGCGCCCAGCGCTGGATGCAAAGCCTGCTGGAGCTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1916860_1916941
GACGGTGACGTTGTCACATCTTAATGTCGAAGAACTGTGGGAGCGATTTTATCCGCAGCGCCCCGCTACGCGTAGGGACGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3200275_3200356
CGCGTGAAATCAAACCGACCACCATTTTGCATGTTGCGGCAAAAGCCGATGTGGAACAGGGGCTGGAAGCGGCGCTCGAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2261857_2261938
AGGCGTCAGCCCGGAAGCGTTCACCGACTGGATGACTCGCCTGCGTAGTCAGTGTCCTTGCATTATCTTTGATAGTAGCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1822832_1822913
AGGCATTGAACTGAGCGATTTTGTCCGTGGCAATGAAAAAGCGCGTGAGCGGATGAAAGCACAATATAGCATTGCGGGTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1291872_1291953
TTCTGGATGAATATGAATCCGATTTGTCACAGGATAACCTGGCAGAGATGATCCGCCGCTTTGATGAAACGGGTCATAGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3601518_3601599
TATGCTGGAAGAAAACCCGCTTCCGGCAGTGGCGGTGGTGATCCCGAAACTCGATTTCCAGGGGACGGAATCACTGAATAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3265494_3265575
CTTACGATGATCCGAAAGTGATTGCTGGCCAGGGAACGATTGGTCTGGAAATTATGGAAGATCTCTATGATGTCGATAACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3441326_3441407
GTTGGCTCTGCTGGAAGGTCGTCTGGACAACGTTGTATACCGTATGGGCTTCGGTGCCACTCGTGCAGAAGCACGTCAGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 175778_175859
GTCGACCATTATGTACCGGATTTTTAATCATGAAGTTGCGTTGATTGACGTCGGTAAACTTTCTGATGCGCCGCTTAATAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1767118_1767199
GTGGGGCGAGCACGGCAAAGGTTTTCGCGCTGAATACAGCCCGGCGTTTTTCGGTGAGGAACTTTTTGCAGAACTGCGCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 135992_136073
TCCGCGCTTTAAGCTGGTGATCGACGATGGCGTCAATTTCGTTAATCAAACCAGCCAGACCTTTGATGTCATTATCTCCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 414141_414222
CACCAGCCACCCGGCGGTCGAGGCGTATCAGGCGCTGGAGCCTGGCGTTAATCAGTCTCGATTACTGGCGCTGGAAAACGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2870740_2870821
CCCAACGTTTTGGGATTGGCGGTAGCAACTTGCAGGGGGCGCAGCGCTGGGCGCAAACCAATACTCCGGTGCGCGATCGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3545872_3545953
CCAGTTGGGTTCCCAGTTAACGCTGAAAGCCCCGAACGCCAAAATGCGTAAAGTGGCAGACGATGCACCGCTGATGGAGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 141660_141741
CCCGTGATGTGAAAATCCTCAAAGATCTGGATGAAGATATCCGTGGCAAGGACGTGCTGATTGTTGAAGATATCATCGACT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 660862_660943
TTTTACTGCGCAACCCGCCCATCAGCGACGCGGAAAACCAACTCAGTCAGTTTCAAACCGATCTCATCATCGATAACATGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2598309_2598390
TCGTTATCAAATCTCTGTTAAGCCGCAGGGTTATCAGCAGGCGGTTACGGTTAAACTGCTGAACCTGGAACAGGCGGGCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4391837_4391918
CACGATGGGCGATCGGGAAGCTGAACTGGCAACGCTCGAATTTTTAAAACAGTGGGTGCCTGCGGGAAAATCGCCGATTTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 802564_802645
ATTGCCGGGCATCATTATGCTGCTGGTCACCCCGCTGGTGATTTACACCATGTATCCACCAGAAATTAAGAAGGTGGATAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4479246_4479327
TGGTCGGCGGCGGTGGGATAGCGCCATTAACCGGGAGTGAGTCGGATATTTGCGAACTGCAAAAGATGTATTTTCTTCCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 552806_552887
GCGCAGCGCATCTGCCAGGCATGATTGCCGCCAAAACGCTGGTGCCGGTGCTGGGCGTGCCAGTACAGAGCGCCGCACTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4380111_4380192
CTTCATCGAAAGTCTGGAAGCGATCAAACCGTACATCATCGGCAACTCCCGCACCGCGGATCAGGGTACTAACATCCAGAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2426358_2426439
GGTGGCGAAAAATTCTGACATTCAGCCGACAGTCGAGTCGCTGAAAGGCAAACGGGTAGGCGTATTGCAGGGCACCACCCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 656798_656879
GCCTGTCGCGTTGGGATGAAAAAGGAAACTGGCATGGCCTGTATGCCATGGCATTTAAGGACTCGTGGAACAAATGGGAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3242531_3242612
TCGAGCATTTGCATCAGCTGTATAACGTGATGCGCAACGATAAACGCGAGCCAGGCAAACTCAGCGAACTGAAGTTTGGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1063276_1063357
CTATAACCTGCCGGTTTATAACGCCTTTGGCATGATCGAACAGGAAATTCCGAAAACGCTGAATGTGAAGATCCCGGCGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2440956_2441037
CGAAGAGCTGTGCTGGGAAATGGCTTGCGAATTCGACGCAATGGGTGCGCTGTCTACTAAATACAACGACACCCCGGAAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 931528_931609
AAGTTGCGGTCATCGGCGGCGGCAATACCGCGGTTGAAGAGGCGCTGTATCTGTCTAACATCGCTTCGGAAGTGCATCTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1855442_1855523
TGTCGCAGTGCTTAATGAGTTAAAGTCTGAAGGGAAAATTCGCGCTATAGGCGCTGCTAACGTCGATGCTGACCATATCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1003657_1003738
TTTGCAGGATTGCGGAACAGATGTCAGCACGGTTGACGTCACCTTTTCAGGAACCCCCGACGGAGTGCAGAGCGAAATGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 349088_349169
AGATGGTGGATCGGATCCGCGCGGCGGTGGATGCGAAAACCGATCCTGATTTTGTGATCATGGCGCGCACCGATGCTCTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2584496_2584577
GTCCTGACTTAAGCCATGTCACCAAAGTGGACAAGCGGGTGGCGATTATCGGTGCAGGTCCGGCAGGGCTGGCCTGTGCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1358455_1358536
TCCTCGGTTTCGATGCGGTGACCACGCTTTCGGAAGAGACGCCGGACGCCGCACGCGTGATCCCGAAAGCCATCTTCCTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1032659_1032740
CGCAGGCAACGCCTATCGACAAAGTCATCACCGACAAACCCATTATCAAAGTACCTGGCTGCCCGCCGATCCCGGATGTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 439207_439288
TTTCCACGCCGTGCCTAAATTTGATCCCTCCAGCGGTTGTTTGCCGAAAAGTAGCGGCGGTTTGCCGAGCTATTCAAAAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2154600_2154681
GAGCCGGATTACCGCACCAGTCGATGGTCGCGTTGGTCTCAAGCAGGTTGATGTTGGTAACCAAATCTCCAGTGGTGATAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 410559_410640
CATTCAATGGGCGGGCGCATATCGGCGGCAATGGCACGGCAGGTGAGTGGGGACACAATCCGCTACCGTGGATGGACGAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2699981_2700062
TATTTATTTAATTGATGACATTAGCATAATCATTCACTAAGTTAATTTATATAGTATCTGCCCAGACACTTATTTATAGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4187422_4187503
TCGTGTATCCAAAGCGATGATGGATAACCTGCAAACTGAAACCGTGATTAACCGTGACGGTCAGGAAGAGAAGCAGGTTTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2236582_2236663
CAGTATGTTGAGCTTATTGTAGGCCGGATAAAACGCGCCAGCGTTGCATCCGGCATTTGGCTCCTGTTGCCGGATGCGGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1281696_1281777
TTTCTATAACCACTCCAGCCAGTGGCGTTATGAAACCGTCACGGCGGAAGAGTTGCTGTCACCGATGGCGGACAAATCCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1122954_1123035
TCTGGACATGAACTCCCTGTTCGGTAGTCAGAAAGCGACCATGAAACTGAAGCTGAAAGCGCTGCCCGTGTTTGATAAAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2979449_2979530
TCATGATTTAGGACTCACTGAAACGCTCCATACGCCTGCGGGAACAGAACGTACCGAATTACTCTCTTTAGATGAAGTGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 433967_434048
CACTTCGCCCCAGGCGCGGCGTGATGTACAACTACTGCGCGCGCAAAGTCATGCCATTTTAACCAGCAGCGCCACGGTGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2994151_2994232
AGATTATTGGTTAATGCAGATAAACCAGATGCATATTCCCCTGTTAAAAAAACGTGGAATAATAAAAGATGAACGAGATTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4625340_4625421
GCGGCGAACTCGATTTTACCGCCAGCCTGCGCAGCCGTGTGGCGACGCTGAAAGGCGCTGACGCCAATATTCTGCAACAGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1945631_1945712
TCCTCTCCGGAATGTCAGCGCAGCAGTTCGTTAATGCCGTTGAGCGTGAAGAAGTGGGGGCACTGGTGAAACTGCCGGGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4575348_4575429
AAAACTGGATTGGTAGCCGTTTTTCATCAAAATTCGTCCGTAACCCGGAATCAAAAGATCCTGAAGATAATCAGAACAGAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4437086_4437167
TTTTAGGCGTGGTGTATGCGCCGGTAATGAACGTAATGTACAGCGCGGCAGAAGGCAAAGCGTGGAAAGAAGAGTGCGGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3920097_3920178
TGATTCGGGTTATGGCTGAAAATGGTCGTCTTAACGCGCTCCCGGATGTTCTGGAGCAGTTTATTCACCTGCGTGCCGTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2252802_2252883
TGCGACGCTTAACGCGTCTTATCCGGCCTACAAATCAGGCAATTTCAGCAAGTAAATGTAGGCCTGATAAGCTTGCGCATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 560959_561040
CTGGGGCGCAGTGTCGCTGGATGTAACGCATGCGCGCAGTCAGTTAGCCGACGCCAGTCGTCATGAGGGGGATTCTATTCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4322020_4322101
CGGTATTGCGCCCCGCGTCCGGCCACGTCGCTGACGCACTGGGGATTACCGAGGGGGAGAACGTCATCCACCTGCGCACCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3493119_3493200
GTTCCCGGCGCTGGGCAAACATGCGCCAAAAACGGATGCTCCGGTAGAGAAAGAAAAGTGGGGGATCGGCGTACTGTTTCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1432659_1432740
CGCGTTATTTATTTCTGAACTCGGTCCGTTACCGGAAAATGTTACCTGGTTATCGCCGGAAGGGGAGTTTCAGAAGTGGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 101463_101544
TCCGGTGATCCGCGAATTGTTACCGCGAGTGGGGCGTCAGACCACGACTTACGGCTTCAGCGAAGATGCCGACGTGCGTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3760514_3760595
CCGCACTGTTGATGAAAGTACATACCAGTAACTACAGCATTCAGGGGTTCACCAAAGCGATAGATGAAGCGGAACTGGTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3711364_3711445
CGCACCAAAACAGGAAGTGAAAACCAGCAATGGTGTGGTGGAGAAAGATTACACGCTGGCAGAGTCGATGCGTAAACCGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4579950_4580031
CCAGCTAAAAATAGAATAAAATGGGCAATTTCTGGAATGATTTAAATATATTTATGTGGGTTATGATTGGCGTGAAATAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4172532_4172613
GCGACAGTATTTTTAAACATGAATACCAGGACCGCTTCGCTATTGTAGCCGTAGGTCTGCGTCTGCCAAAAGAGTGGCAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2790577_2790658
GTTCCGGGCTGATGGCTGACCGGCTGGTGAAAATGCTCGGACTCGAACCGGGCTTTATCATCTGCCCGTTCCGTGGCGAGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4409601_4409682
CGGCGCGTGCCTGCGTAGTGCGGACGCCGCAGGCGTTCATGCGGTGATTGTGCCGAAAGATCGCTCCGCACAGCTCAACGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4488441_4488522
TTGTTAGCAAAGTGTGCTTCGTTCATTCCTGAAAAATAATTAAAATTCAATATATTGCAGTGGGGTGGGCATGATAAGACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1029335_1029416
TGAAGAACACGGAATGAAACTGCTGGTGGATATTCAGCACGGACACAAAACGGGCTACTACCTGGACCAGCGTGATAGCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 497458_497539
CGATGAAAGAAGCGGGCATCAATGTTGATTACGTTCTGGAATTCGACGTACCGGACGAACTGATCGTTGACCGTATCGTCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2571010_2571091
TAGAAGCGGCGCGTAAACACACCAATAAACGTCTGATTGCCGCAGGCGCTGGCAACCCGCCGGTAGTGGTGGATGAAACCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1801567_1801648
TCACTGGGACAACTACAAAGATGCAATGTTCACCACATCTTCTGAGAACCGTGAATACTGCATTAAGCCGATGAACTGCCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 237688_237769
GCCTCTGACTTGTAACAAAAACAAAGATAAAAATGAGAACGAGGATGTTGCCAGTGCTGAGAATATGAACTGGATGCAGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4555380_4555461
CCTTGCGCTTTCTTAAATTAAGAAGTCGCAATGAGTATTACTTTGTAAATTGCAGGGTATTGTTTAGCTATCTGTATAACC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2702894_2702975
ACCTGCAGTTCCTGGCAAGCCAGATGAACTTCCTCGATATCGTGCCAATCTCTGCCGAAACCGGGCTGAATGTTGACACTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2104750_2104831
TGAGAGCGTTACGATAGGTCGGGATACGCTTATTGCAAGTAAAGTATTTATTACCGATCATAATCACGGTTCCTTTAAGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4548497_4548578
GCTTGAGTTGACTAATTGTCCGGTGGGAACGTCGAGGGTCACTGCCAGCTTCAGCGGGGCAGCCGACAGTACCGGATATTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2510219_2510300
CACTTACTACCGGATTATTTTTCCATCCTCATTTTTCACTGCCCATTGCTCATTACGGACAGATGGAAATGACCGATATTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4470385_4470466
GATGCGGCGTAAATGCCTTATCCGGCCAACAAATTCAATAAATTGCAGGAATCACGTAGGCCTGATAAGCGTAGCGCATCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2936432_2936513
TGGTCGCGTGGAAGAATCACTTGGCTACAACGCCATCGCTGCGGGCTTCCAGGGGCAACGTCACTGGACCGATCAATATCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 361515_361596
CCATTGTCGATGACTACACGGTAACAATCGGTGATAACGTACTGATTGCACCCAACGTTACTCTTTCCGTTACGGGACACC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4424412_4424493
CTCGGGAGATAACTGGTCTAATTCCGCAGCCGTTTTTCAAAAAAAAGCCCCCTGCGAAGGGGGCAAAGCAAACTATGGCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1128567_1128648
CCAGATCTCCTTAATCATCAACACCATTTTTGCCTCGTTTCTTGCTTCCGGTTCGGTGTCTTGGATGTATTACGCCGACCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3559028_3559109
CCGCCATGTCGACGCTGTTTGGTCATGTAAAAGGCGCGTTTACCGGGGCGCGGGAATCTCGTGAAGGTTTATTACGCAGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2879274_2879355
TAGAAGGCAGTCGCGTGCGGGCAACCTACGCACTTCTGGCGAAGCAATACGGCGTGACATGGAATGGACGTCGCTACGATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4266282_4266363
ATGTGGCGCAACCGAGAAACAACTCGCTATCTTTAATACCTTTTGCGAAGGCAAACCTGGTCAACGTTCCATTGCCGCGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2328933_2329014
TTGCCCGCTATCCGCTGAAGAAAATCACAGCGGAAAAGAGTACGACGGCAGTAAATCCCGGCGTACTTAATGGGCGCTATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2815622_2815703
AAGCAATCTTGGTATTACCTTCAACGATCTTTACGAGTACGTAGCGGGCCTTAAACAGGCAATCAAAACGCCATCGGAAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3684585_3684666
TTATGACTTTGCTGTCATTGCCAACGGTGTACAGGAACCGTGGCACGCAATCACCTTAGGTCAGCAAGTGCTCACTATCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2148311_2148392
TGGTGGATATCGGCGGTGGTACGACTGACTGTTCATTGCTGCTGATGGGGCCGCAGTGGCGTTCGCGTCTCGATCGTGAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3589565_3589646
GTATCTTCCCGACGGTGGAAGTCATCGCCAACCTGCAGATGCTCGACAGCTACGCCGGTTTAACGCTGCCGCTGATGGCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3127232_3127313
TGTTAGCCAGCTTTGACTCGGTAGAAAAAGCCGGACTTGCGGTTGGTGACATCATCGCCAATGGCATTATCCCCGGCGGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4451770_4451851
TAAAAATGATGCTGGGGCGCGAGCTGGATACCCACGCGCTACAGCGTGCCGGGCGAACATTGTTGAGCGACAAACCCGTTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3800577_3800658
TTATTTATTGGCTGAACGGAAAACCTTACGTTTTGTCCATACTTATATCATGATCATCGAGTATATTGATGGCATAGAGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3868646_3868727
GGTGCGTGCTGGTGAGCAAAACCACGCCCACGCCACAGCCTGGCAGTGATGAAATCAATCGTGCTTATGAAGAAGGATGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4028151_4028232
AGTCGGCCGCATTTAAAAATGAAATCATCCCGACCGGTGGTCACGATGCCGACGGCGTCCTGAAGCAGTTTAATTACGACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3073142_3073223
CGAATTGCATAATTCCCGTCATCAAATTGTTAGATGATGCGTACGGTATTGAGTCCGGCACTGTGACCACAATTCACTCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3976864_3976945
AACGTGGTGTCATCCCGTTAAGCTATCTGAAACCCAGCTGGGATAACGGTCTGGCAGGGCAGTTGAGCAAATTTACGCTCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1518548_1518629
TTTCGATGGTTTTCGCCATACCGTGGAACATTCGGTTTATGTCCATCCCGATCATCAGGGCAAAGGTCTGGGGCGTAAATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2058907_2058988
ATATTGGCGCAGTTGCAATTTTGTGGGTGCTGGCGATTGGTTTTAATCCTGCGCTAAGGATTTCGTTAAAGAGCTATTTTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 575638_575719
CATGAGTCATCAACTTACCTTCGCCGACAGTGAATTCAGCAGTAAGCGCCGTCAGACCAGAAAAGAGATTTTCTTGTCCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1516251_1516332
CTATCGCCACCGGCGAGCACATCATCAGCCATACCGCGTCGTCCATTAAGCGTACTCATATGGAACTTGGTGGCAAAGCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2280096_2280177
TTGATACCACCGGTCTGGTGCTGATGACTGATGATGGTCAGTGGTCGCACCGCATTACTTCTCCGCGCCATCATTGCGAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2191246_2191327
TGCCGAATAAACTGCCCACTAATAAAGAAAGCATTTTTTATCTGAATGTTCTGGATATTCCACCAAATAGTCCAGAGCAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2467084_2467165
CCCGGCACCTGACCTTGCTGACGCCATGAAGGGATACCGCAAGAAGAACTTCCCGTTTCTTCCTGCAGACCAGATCCCGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4440504_4440585
CCGTTCCGTCTTCAATGACACCGCGTGAAAACGTGATTTGGTTTGATCTCCACGAAGATGAGCAAAGCCTGAAGAATAAGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1605523_1605604
TCTACTCAAGCCCCACCGTTACGGACCAAAACCAGTGGGTGAAAGAAGCGAAAGCGAAAATCGCCAAAGAGCATCCAGGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 30186_30267
GTGGCCTGCCAGAAGCGAAAAAAGAAGACGAGCTGCCGTTCCACGTCGTGGCTTATGATTTTGGTGCCAAGCGCAACATCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4249975_4250056
GGCTGGAAGGCGTTATGCGCCTGACACCGGCGTTGGGGCAGCAAAAACTTTATGTTCTGGTCTTTACCACGGAAAAAGATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 389201_389282
GCAAGCCGTGGTTGCAGCTGCTGCAGGTGCAGACTTCATCGCCCCTTCCGCCGCGATGGACGGCCAGGTACAGGCGATTCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 648766_648847
GACCCGTATGACCACTAACCCGCGCGAACTGCTTATTGCCCGTAGCGCTGCGGATGTGATTGTCAACTCTGGCTACTTCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4033831_4033912
TATCGGTTATTTCGATAGCCCGACTATTAACACTATCATTGCTATCTTCCTGCTGATCTCCGGCTGTAACTACGGTCTGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3128615_3128696
TGGGAACGCAGGCTGATTTTGTTGTGATAACCCGCTGTTATGAAAAAATGCTCGCCGCCAGTGAGAACAACAAAGAGATTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3909879_3909960
TCGGCAATATCATGTCGAATATCCCGATTGTTGGCGCGCTGTTCTCTGGCCCCGCATTTGGTATCGGTATCCTCGCGGCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1411441_1411522
CGAAGATCGCGTTGGGTCACCATCGTGACGATATCCTGCAAACGTTGTTCTTAAATATGTTCTACGGCGGTAAGATGAAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2406133_2406214
GCTGGAATCCCAGGAAGTGGATTTGATGGTAACCACCCATCGTCCTTCAGCGTTTAAGGCATTGAACCTGCGTACCTCGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3785993_3786074
GTCAGCCAGACGCGGCAATGGAAGACGGCGATGCACTGATTTTCATGAACTTCCGTGCTGACCGCGCGCGTGAAATCACTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1476258_1476339
AAAGAGATTGGGATATGATCATTCAGGAGCTTTATAAAGATGCGTGGTTATTGCCTGAATCCATTATTGATGGCTATATCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1580172_1580253
GTAAACATATGCAATTTATCGAATTGCTAGAAACCGGGACGCCGAATATTGATTTCAGTGGTCATAGTGAGAACACATTCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4544627_4544708
TAACCAATTGCCACAGGACCGGGAAAGTTTATTCTGGATGAACGTTAAAGCGATTCCGTCAATGGATAAATCAAAATTGAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2268283_2268364
ATAAATCCGACCGTACGACGCCCGAAAGTGAGCAAGCGCTACAGCGTTGGTGGCAGCAAAATGGTGGCGATCGACAATTAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4191262_4191343
ATGGCGTGATGGTTTATCAGGAGACATATCACGAGGCGACTTATGCCCGCCATCATCTGAAAGGCAAAAAACAGGACTTCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1135874_1135955
TTGGCTTTGATACTGTGCCGCGCTATTTGCAGGGGCTGTTTGGTAACGCTCGTGCCGATGTCGAAGCCTCCGGTGGTAACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3431652_3431733
CTTTGGTATGTTTATTGGTTGCATTAACTACCCTGAATGCGAACATACCGAACTTATCGATAAACCGGACGAAACAGCAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1407140_1407221
AATCTCGCATTTACCCGGTGGTCATAAACCTTTGAATTTTGTTCATAAACTGGCGGATGGTTCGACTCGTCATGTGCAGAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2309834_2309915
TTACTATCGCAAAGCTGACGAAACGCTGGGCATGACGGCTAAACAATTCCGTCACGGTGGCGAAAATCTGGCGGTGCGTTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1267685_1267766
TACGCAGCTGATATTGCGCATTGAATGTCCGGATGGCGAAATTTGGCTGATTAATCCTTTTAACGGTGAATCGTTAAGCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1145916_1145997
TGATAATGGGCGGTTGGCCTGATAAGGCGTTTACGCCGCATCAGGCCGCCAGCACCGATTGCCGGATGCGACGTAACCACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 581067_581148
GCCAGGGACTATTGAGTACGAACGCCATCGACTTACGCGTGCGCAGGCCGATGCACAGGAGCTGAAAAATGCCAGAGACTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1481516_1481597
AACCTGATCAACGTCGAATCAAAATAGCACTGCCCTATGTCGTAGGCGCGGGCTCGTGCATTGTATTGATGGAGCTAATGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 797983_798064
CACATCTAACTGGGCGCAAACCCTGCCGCCGGAACAGCGTCCGACTTTCACACAAGTCGCTTCTCTGGCTGAAACGGCGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1843733_1843814
CGCTACGCTTATCAGGCCTACAAATGGGCACAATTCATTGCAGTTACGCTCTAATGTAGGCCGGGCAAGCGCAGCGCCCCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 838829_838910
CAGTACGCAGCCATCCACAAAACGGCTGGATGCGTACTGACCTTTCTGCCACGCTGTTTTTAAGCGATCCACAAAGCTACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4334729_4334810
ACCCGCGGCTGGCGAAAGATAACGTGGTCTATTTCCCTAATACCGCATCTTGCGGCACGGCAACGGCAGTTTCAGTACCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4121983_4122064
CGCCGTTGAGCTGGCAAAAGACTGGCGTACCGATCGCATGCTGCGCAAACTTGAAGCACTGCTGGCAGTCGCGGATGAAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3697204_3697285
CAATAACGAAGTCCTGTTCAATGAAGCCCGTACCGCTCAGGCGGCGACGGTGGTCTTTTCTTTACAGCAAAATGCGCAAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2492590_2492671
AGTCACCATGTCAATGCAGGATGCCGTATTGAACCTTTGCCGCGTGAAATTACGTGACCAGCAGCGTCTCGATAAATTGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3560187_3560268
AGCAATTTGCGCATTGTCACCAACAATCTCAACGTTGCTAACACGTTGATGGTAAAAGAAGATTTTCGCATCATTCTCGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2269171_2269252
CCAGCTGGGTCAGGCATTAATTCCTGTAAAACGGGCCAGCCCAACATTGACTTTTACCGATATTAACCGCGTCAGCGAACT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3985140_3985221
TTACGCCGAAATATATGGAAGATCTGGATCAACGCTGGATGGACTATGGCGTTAAGTTCCTCGACAAGATGGCGAAGAGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 842756_842837
GTGCGCAGGCGATTATCAGTTCTAATCCGGGGCTTAACCGCGCCATTCGTCTGCGTCGGCAAAAAGAGAGTGGGGCGATTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3410723_3410804
CCGTAACTGCGAAGAGATTGCCCAACTGGCTGAAGACTGTGGCATTCAGGCTCTGACCATTCATGGCCGTACACGCGCCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1691434_1691515
GCTACGCTTATCAGGCCTACCTTTTCCTGCAACACTTTGAATTTATGAGTTTTTGTAGGCTGGATAAGGCGTTTACGCCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3096938_3097019
GCGTTATTCCGGTGAAGACGCGACCGATCAAAAGAATCTGCAAAAACTGCTGGAAACAATGAAAGACGTACCGGACGACCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 165958_166039
CTCAGCCAGCCTTTATGCAACTGGTGCGTCAGGAGCTGCAGGCAAAACTGGGCGATAAGGTAAAAGATCTCTCCGGCGTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1196581_1196662
TAATATTTAAGGTCTTCATTGATTAAGACATCCCCAAAGTTAGTTATGTATTCACTGTTATTAGGACAATTATGAATTACC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3486397_3486478
GTGAAGTGGCTGAAATTTCGTACAAAAAATTTCGCCAATTGATTCAGGTAAACCCGGACATTCTGATGCGTTTGTCTGCAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 530640_530721
AGGGTTGGCGCGTCATCGCGGTTCGGCGTTTGGTCGCACGTTACAACCACAACTTAGCCAGGCGAGTTTTGAAAACCTGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 326373_326454
GATCCTGCAACGCTCCGGCGTCGGCAACGCTGAACTGCTGGCGGAGTTTGATATTCCGCTGGTGCATGAATTACCCGGCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 245396_245477
CAAAGCGATTAATATTGGTTTCCCCAATGCCTATGACCGTGCGCATGGTTATGAAGGGAAATACCTGATGATCCACGGCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4312507_4312588
CCGCTTTTTCTATCAGGCCAGACAGCGGGATTTGTACGGTGCCGGAGGATCAAATGCTATCTGTGCTGATGTACAGCACAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 55893_55974
TTTCAGCGAACAGAACACCAGTAGCTACTCGGCAGAGCCGCAGTTAGACGTTAATTACTACCAGAATGATGTTGGTCCGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 914368_914449
AATACACGTTAATTTTGCTACTTTTCCTCGTTGGTATTCAGTTGCGCAATAATGGCATGACCTTAAAGCAGATTGTCCTTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 749304_749385
TATGCGCGAAATTCCTCCCGCTCCGGATAAAAGCAGCGACCATGCGATACTTCAGGTCGCTATTCAAAGTCGTATTAAATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1958854_1958935
TGCTGCCGGTCCGCTGGCAGTGACTTTTCATCGCGCCTTCGATATGTGCGCTAACCCTTTATATACACTCAATAATCTTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1016172_1016253
TGGCGATCCGGTTATGCCGGGATGCCTGGGCCTGGACGCAATGTGGCAGCTGGTAGGGTTCTACCTCGGCTGGCTGGGCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4320916_4320997
GCTGGTCAGCCAGCCGGAACAGGCGACCTTCGCGGTGACGGATGAGGCGATTTCCAGCGAACAGCTCAACGCCCTTTCCAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3797538_3797619
ATTTTTATTAAATAGTTGCGCGGTACTTTATGTTCTGGCGCTAACACAAACCAGAGCAACCCTACTCCTGTTCCCTATAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1497644_1497725
GTATGCGCGCAAAGACATTAAACAGCTGGGCATTGCGCCGATGACCAGTATGTTCAGCTGCGGTACTAATGAACGTCGGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3702327_3702408
CTATGACCGCTATCCGCATATGTTCTCCGGCGGTCAGCGTCAGCGTATCGCCATCGCCCGTGGTCTGATGCTCGACCCGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2108921_2109002
TTCATGAAGGTTGGATTGGTAAAGTTACGCTATCATTACATAATGTGCGTCGATCTTTAGCAGACGGTTTTCATGTTTTTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2120818_2120899
AGTGAAAAAACTGGTCCATCAACTGGCGGACACCACCTGTTCGGTGCTGCTGATCCCCGACGTCTTTACCTTCAACATTCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1968895_1968976
GTACAGCATTGCGATGACGCTGGCTGACACATTGGGCACCGCGCCCGGACGCTGGAAAGTGTTTGCCAGTGATATCGACAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4195112_4195193
TTAACGGGATCGCCGAAGATCTTACCTGGGAAGCGTTCCGCGACACGCTGCTGGAACAGGCCGAGCAAGGTGTGGATTACT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2244289_2244370
CGCTGGTTCAGTCGCAATTTAATGTCAGCGACCGCTGCGCCATTAGCGGTCACTCAATGGGTGGTCACGGTGCGCTGATTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 621648_621729
GGGCGTGGCGCTGGCGGCGGTGCTGGAAGGACTGACCAGCGGCATCGCCCTGCTTAATCCTGACGTCTACGATCAGTTGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3159997_3160078
ACAAGCGCGTGCCACATCCGGCCTATGGCAATGCCCGTATTCCGGCTTACGAAATGATCCGTTTTTCGGTCAACATTATGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 324991_325072
CAGAGAAATAAGGCTGGAATGGTCAGGAGATAAGAGAGCTTTACCAACTGCTGAAGAGGAAATATCTCGCGTGCAGGCCTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3548989_3549070
CGAAGAACATCGTGATGACGTCGATTTTTATCTCTGGTTGCAGTGGCTGGCTTACAGCCAGTTTGCCGCCTGCTGGGAGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3767654_3767735
TAAATGTAGATCCGCAAGGTTTGGTTGATATAAATTTATACCCCGAAAGTGATCTTATCCATTCTGTAGCTGATGAGATTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4560299_4560380
ATGGTCTTGGTGGATTACGCGCCGCGCAGCAGTTAATGACACCTGTGCTAAAACCGTTGTTGGGCATTCCAGGGATCTGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2370424_2370505
TGGAAGAGATTATCGGTCAACCGGTAACCTGTTCTGCCGCTGCGGGCTGGCGTGCCGACCAGAAGGTGATCGAAGCAAAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1014040_1014121
CAGTGGCACCGAAAACAGCTTTCGTTTTGTATGATGATCAGAAGAGCATTCAGGATTCGTTGTACACCGATCACATTGATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3628131_3628212
GGGATATGTTCTGGCAGTTGATGGTCGATCTCTCGCGCCAGGACAAAGTGACTATCTTCATCTCCACCCACTTTATGAACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 828074_828155
CGATATTCGCCATGCCGACGGGATGCCGGAAATCAACATCAACGAAACTACGCCGCGTTTTGAAGATGCGTTTATTGATTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1320547_1320628
CCGGGGCAGCAACCGCGCTACTGGAAAACGCAGCGCCGTTCCCGCGCCCGGATTATCTGTTTGCTGATATCGTCGGTACTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2112479_2112560
CCGCATCCAAAGCATCCAGCGATCATTTAGTCCGCGCGTGGAAACGTACATATGGTTTACCGACAATTGTGACTAATTGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2304711_2304792
TGGCGCGTCTTATCAGGCCTACACCGCTGTGAAGTGCTCCACCCCGTAGGTTGGATAAGGCGGTTACGCCGCATCCGACAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 734854_734935
ACCCGGTGTACACGCCGGCGCGAAAAATCCACCTGTACCACTGCGACCATCGCGGCCTGCCGCTGGCGCTTGTCAGCACGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3897067_3897148
AGCGATCACTGCGCCAATGTGTGTGGTATCTAACGGCCCAAATAACAAAATGCAGCATTCTATGGGCAAGCTGAATATGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 625433_625514
TCCGCTGGCTGATGGTGGCGTCCTGCTGGGGGCCAGCCCGGAACTGCTGCTACGTAAAGACGGCGAGCGTTTTAGCTCCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3097796_3097877
TTGGCGATCTACGCCAGGCCATTGAACTGAATCCGCCGCATCTTTCCTGGTATCAACTGACCATCGAACCCAATACGCTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 32388_32469
GGTTTATAAGCGCGTGGATACCTGTGCGGCAGAGTTCGCCACCGACACCGCTTACATGTACTCCACTTATGAAGAAGAGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3902956_3903037
CGGCAATATGCTTCTCGGTGGGCTGGTTTACCCCCTCACCTGCCAGCCACAGGATATGTTGCAGGCCATGGAAGAGAACCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3837506_3837587
GCGGACTGATAGTCTGGTTGTTTTTGCCATCAATACAAAGAAATATTCCTGTCGTTACCCAACCCGTAGAAATTTTACCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2898652_2898733
AAACAACCTCTTCTACGGCTATATCCTGGAAGACATGAAAACCGGCTTCAACATCCTGCGTGAAATCATGGTGGAAGGGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 19128_19209
GCAATTAAGTCAGCATAAACTGGATATGATCATTTCTGACTGTCCGATAGACTCTACGCAGCAGGAAGGCCTGTTCTCCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2274687_2274768
GTAGCGCATTTATCATCATCGGCTACGCCATTCCGGCCTTTTTGTTTGCCATCCTGCTGATTGTCTTCTTCGCGGGCGGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2451921_2452002
GTTCTACTTTAACGTGCGCGAGATCCCGCCAAAATCAAACAAACCCAATACCCTGCAAATCGCGCTGCAAACGCGTATCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1276681_1276762
GCGGGTGTATGACACTGATGATGAAGAGAATCATCAGGAGTTTACCTGCCAGCCAGATATGACTTGTGATGATAAAGGCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 616058_616139
AGGCGAAGATGTCGTTGCCCAAAAAACGCCGTGCAGTTTTGATGTCTCGGTGTGGGAGTTTTTCTGGCCGTTTATCGCAGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4134886_4134967
AAGCGGTAGACGCACCGGAAATTATCCCGGATCCGTTTGATCCGTCGAAGAAACGTAAACCGACAATGCTGGTGACCGACC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2539088_2539169
ATCAGTTCAATAATCCCGATAACCCTTATGCGCATTACACCACCACTGGGCCGGAAATCTGGCAGCAAACCGGCGGGCGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4096674_4096755
CCGTTGCCAGCCATGATACCGCCAGCGCGGTTATCGCCTCGCCGTTAAACGGCTCACGTGCTGCTTATCTCTCTTCTGGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3144608_3144689
CATGGTCGCCTGTCCGTACAACGTGCCGAAGTACGACTACAACAACCCGTTTGGTGCGCTGCATAAGTGCGAGCTGTGCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3899953_3900034
GCTTTGGTGATACCGGACGTTCCGCTATCGATCAGGGGCGTATCCCGCAAATCATGGATAACCTGCTTGCTGAAGGGAAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1388519_1388600
GGCAACTGAGATCGACAACACCGTTGTGCTGTGTATCTCTGCCGATCTGCCGTTCGCCCAGTCTCGTTTCTGCGGCGCAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2152759_2152840
GTGCGGCCATTACCAAAGCCCTGGATATGGTAGAGGAGCGGAAACGTGAGTATCGTGCAAATGGTATTTCGTATTATCGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3370652_3370733
TCGCCATTGACGGCACCGACCGCCCGCGTCCGGTGCCTGTTGAAACGCTGCTGGCACGTATTCACCATCACGGTTTACTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 897467_897548
TGCTCATGCCATTGGCTGGCCTGCGGACCGCGGTATGCTCACCATCTGGCTGGCGCATGTCACTTTTTGTACGGCTTATGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4105282_4105363
TGATCGTGAGCTGGTGGCACGTATTCGCGCGATCCTGCGCCGTTCGCACTGGAGCGAGCAACAGCAAAACAACGACAACGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 189070_189151
CATCATGGGCGAACGTCTGTGCCGCATCACGCAAGAAAGCCTGTACCTGGCGCTACGCATGGTAAAACCAGGCATTAATCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1088809_1088890
CGTTTATGACGAAAACCTCCAGCAAATGGATCGCAATATTGATGTGCTAATTCAGCGGGTGAAAGATATGCAAATATCAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3650937_3651018
TTTATCAGTGGTTTACACAACAAATTATTAAATAATTATAAGATACCTTAACCCATTTTATTATTACACATCTAAAACATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2279126_2279207
TAAAGAAACCTTACCACCGGAGCGTCGTCAGCCATTTCACATTCGTACCACTATTGGTAACTTTGCGGCGCTGTTCCGCCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2612867_2612948
TGCAGGAAAGTTTGCAGCAAGAAAACCACCAGCTTAGCGAGCAGCTCCTTTCGAATCTGGGCATCGGTGACATTATCTATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1298882_1298963
CAGCGGCAAGCTTGGCGAGGATAAACAGAACAAGCAAGAAAAATCAGAAACCGCGGTACGTGAAAGCATTGGTGTGGTGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2770014_2770095
GATGTGCGATGAGTCTCCCTGCGTGATAGCACCAGCCAATCCGGTTCCTTCGCCTTCAGGAGCATTGTCTTTCTGGAGACT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2097772_2097853
ATACATTCAGCAAGTTGACGATAAAGTGAATCAAGAGCTAGAAAAGGATCTCAAAGACAACATTGCTCTGGGACGGAAAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 783486_783567
GAAGGCACTCAGCTGGTTGGCGGTTTGCGTTGTTTCGATTGGTCTGATGACGGTATTTATCAATCCGGTGTTTGCATTTTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3947508_3947589
TTGCCCAACGGCAGTCTCTGGTAAAACAGCTGCATGAACGCCAGCTTGATCTTCTTATTACCACTGAAGCGCCCAAAATGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 340601_340682
AGGCAAACCCTGACTGGTGTTTTGTTGAAGATGCCGGGCGGGGCTATCGCCGCGTGGTCGCCTCGCCGGAACCGAAACGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2620520_2620601
TCCGAGCGCGCGCATCAGCGTTGTCGGTATGTACCGTAATGAAGAAACGCTGGAGCCGGTACCGTACTTCCAGAAACTGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3335825_3335906
TCCTGATTACGCTGGGTGCGAAAATTAGCGGTCAGGGCACCGATCGTATCGTCATCGAAGGTGTGGAACGTTTAGGCGGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 112188_112269
TTCTGCGTGAAGATCGTTTGATTGCTCTGGTGCGTCAGCGACTGAGCATCCCAGGCGGCTGTTGCAGCTTTGATTTACCTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3217440_3217521
TGCGACGCTTGACGCGCCTTATCCGGCCTACACCCGCTACACACCCCGCAGGCCTGATAAGATGCGCCAGCATCGCATCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2565367_2565448
CGGCCCCGCTGCCGGGTTTTTGCTATGCACCACAATTACCCCAACCGGATACACAGCCGGATACAATTCCACCAGCACCCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2136634_2136715
GTCAGGTGAATAAATCCGGTCAACAGGCGATCACCAACGTGCCACTGACTATTCTCGACGCCATCAACGCCGCAGGTGGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2266939_2267020
CAACCGACGAATCACTGGTGGAAATCAGCCAGCATCTGGGGGTGAATGATCCCTGCGCGATTAGCTGCGAACCGTTTATCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3101224_3101305
TTCAGGAGATGGGCGAAAGCAGCAAAATGCGCAGCCGTCTGACCAAACTTGATGCGCAGCTGAAAGAGCAGATGAACCGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2638934_2639015
TTCTTTGGAACTTGCGCAGCAATTTGTTGACAAAAATGAACTAGAGAAAGCTGCCGCCCAGTTACAACAGGGGCTGGCAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1576394_1576475
TTACACCTTCAAAACACGCCTGGACTGGCAAAAATTCGCCGTGGGTAATGTTTCGCATCAACCCTACTTCGGCGCGGAATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 949924_950005
TTTTTCCTCTCTGGTGGTACAGCTTCCCGGCAATGCTAAAAGGATATATTGACAGAGTATGGAATAATGGGCTGGCTTATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1892241_1892322
GCGGGCATTTTTACTGCTCGATGACACCCTGGAACTTTGTTATGACGTGGCGAAACTGTCACTGGGGCGTTCCGCCTTGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 744670_744751
TACTGAAGGATGGTGACCGACTCCCGATTGGCAAATCGAAGCGTGATTCTATGGAAGCGCAGGGCGTTAAACAGCTGCTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1763226_1763307
TTGAGCGCACCATTCTGGTGGCCGACGAAGACAGCTACGTCAGCTACATTGAAGGCTGTTCCGCTCCGGTGCGTGACAGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2335761_2335842
GTTTGGCTACCAGCGGTTAATGCCTTCTTTTGCTGGCGTACGCTTCGAAATGGGTAACGACGGCTGGCACAGTTTTGTGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1487596_1487677
ACCAGTCAACAAACTGCGGTGAAAACGCACGCTTTAGCATCGCGCTATTGAATCAGGCCGTAGAACGAGTTCATACGGCTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3664215_3664296
GAGCAATATGCTCTACCTTTCCTGTTTATCGATGTTTTCTCATAAGAAAGAACTGATCCCCTTACTTTTCAATAGCATCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2249138_2249219
TGCTGGATTTCCGCGTTGATATTGGCTTTATTGAAGGACCGTGCCACAGCACTGAAATCATTTCTGAACCGTGGCTGGAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1953888_1953969
GGGGATCGACCCTACGCAACTGTTTCTGTGCCAGTTTGAAGCGGTGCGTAAACTACTGGGTAATGATCAGCGCGCGCATTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2064811_2064892
CCCACGGCGGTCTGGCATTGATTTTTGTGGTACTGGCAAAGATTCTGGTGTTAAGCGAGTTGGCTCTGCGTGGCGAATCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4621203_4621284
TATGGGTGCCTGCACCGATTCCAAAGTTAACCGCATCCGTTTTAAAGACCATGACTTTGCCGCTATCGCTGACTTCGACAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4253926_4254007
TGGGTTGCCTGATGCGCGGCGCTTCTCAGGCCTACACAACACATCGCAATTTATTGAATTTGCAGATTATGGAAGGCCGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4300258_4300339
GCAAGTGCCTTTCCACGGCGCGCGGGCACAGATTCTGGCGGTCGATAAACAAATTGTTGCCGTCAAAGGGCAAATCACCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4259706_4259787
AAGGTTTTGTGCATAAGGTGGAATCCACCAACAGTTATGTGCTCTGTCATCTGTTCGATCAGCCCACCCATACGTCAGCCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1354034_1354115
GGATACCTTACTGGCGATCCCTTCGCTGCTGTTGGCAATTATCGTTGTAGCGTTTGCCGGACCGAGTTTGTCCCACGCTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2111487_2111568
AAGCGTTACAGGAATATTGCGCGAAGCATCTTATTTTCCGGACCAGCTGGGTCTATGCAGGAAAAGGAAATAACTTCGCCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1259924_1260005
AATTCACGCTAACCTGGGATTCTATTCGCACACTGCTGCCTGCGGCATTCTCAATGGCAATGCTCGGCGCAATCGAATCTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3283534_3283615
TGGAAGCAGAACTGGGCCGCCTGGGCGGTGTTGAAGATGACATGAGCGTTGACGCCGAAAGTGCATTCCTGACCGATCCAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2179420_2179501
GGATGCGCTGATCCTGCTGCGCGATAAAAACTTCCTCGTCTTTTTCTTCTGTTCATTCCTGTTTGCGATGCCACTAGCGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 329001_329082
AGCAGCGATTACAGGCGATTGTTGGCGGAAACTTCGATGAAACGCAGGTGAGCAGTGCGGCGATGAAAGCCTGGCTGGCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1162919_1163000
TGACGGGGTGACTGCGGGTAGCGTCCTGCTGGTTGATAGCGTTAACAACCGTACTAACGGTTCGCTGAATGCCGCAGAAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2820657_2820738
TGAAGCTGCAATGGAAGAGCAGCGTCGTCGCGCGCGCGAAGCCAGCGGCTTTGGTGCCGATTACAACGCAATGATCCGTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1540681_1540762
TTTCTACAATCATTCCAGCCAATGGCGCTATGAAAAAGTCTCTGCTCAGGAGTTACTTTCACCGCTCGCCGATGCCAGTAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2100526_2100607
GTGGAATAACGGTGAACTGAGCAGTTACCTGATCGACATCACCAAAGATATCTTCACCAAAAAAGATGAAGACGGTAACTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4573126_4573207
CAATACCGTTAGATGATGAAACAGGAACGCATTTTTTGAATGGACTGCTATGCGCAGCCTCTGTAGAGGCTAAGCCTCGAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1169854_1169935
AGACAAACGTGCAAACCCAACCTGGACGCCAACGGCAAACATCCGCGCCCGTTATAAAGCACAGGGAATTGAGTTGCCTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3452572_3452653
TAGGTCAGAGCATTAGCGTTGAACTGTTTGCTGACGTTAAAAAAGTTGACGTAACTGGCACCTCTAAAGGTAAAGGTTTCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2410397_2410478
TGCGGCTGATGTCGATCTCCGGCAATTTTGTAGTGAGCAATTGCTGGAGCCGATGGTACTGCGCGGCGAGTATTTTTCTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1909664_1909745
TTTACATTCACAAAATTGACTCTATGTACAATTTGCGCATGTATTCACGGATTGGGCGTCGTAATCCGCTGTACAGCACCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3017570_3017651
ATCACCAGTGCCAATACAACTGTACCCGCCTGGATTACGACAGTGCGCTGAATATCCGCGAACTGAAAAAAGTCGCGCTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 158388_158469
GTATGCGCATCAGCCCGGAAACCGCAGAACCGATCCCTCGCCTCGCTACCCTGCTGAACGATATCCCACCGGCACGCCTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 562788_562869
GGTGGAGATCCCCAGACAGGTGATGTTTACCGTGTATGTGACATCAACGCCTTACGATCCGTTGGTTACACCTGTTTATAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4041130_4041211
GATGGGCCTTGATGACGGAAACACCAGACGAAGAAGAGCTGGATCTACAGTTTCTCGCAAGTCGAATGGATACCTCAAAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3154701_3154782
CAGCGGGATTAACTCCGCCACGTTATCAGAAGAGATTTTATGCGCGGCGGAGCGGTTACTCGACGTGATGGAGCGACCACT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3679844_3679925
CCCGACCAGCCGCGAAAAGCTGCTTTCCCTGCTGCGCGAATGCCGCGCCAACGGCGGAAAAGTGATTTTCGACAATAACTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3521663_3521744
AGTTACGCGAACAGCGTTCGCAACGGCAGCGCCAGCGACAATTTACCCGCGACTGGCAATCTGCGCTGGAAGCACTGGCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 877333_877414
GCTTCCACAACGGCGAGCCGGTAAAAACCAGCATGGTCAGCCTGTGCGAACAGTTATCGAAACTGGGGATCTGGACACGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1519506_1519587
ACCAGTGGGGGCGACGGTGGGGCAAATCGGCAAACTTAAAGGTTGCAGAGTGGTGGGGGTAGCCGGTGGCGCGGAAAAATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4350807_4350888
AGTCGCAGGACGATGAGAAACTGTCGACGCTAAGCCACTCATGGTCACAGGTGGTAGATGTCTCGGAAGTGTTACGCGACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3646936_3647017
CGCTGGTCGAAGTGATGAACGCCGAAGGCCCGCAGCTGCACACCAACGCCATCCCGAAAGCGGTAGTGAAAAATACCGATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 874114_874195
TTATTAAAAATATGGCGATTATTGAGTCTAACAATAATCAGTATCTGGCTGTGGGGATCATCAAACTGTGTGGTCTGGAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1289658_1289739
TATTCCAGGACTCATGGCACCTGTTGCACATAACGGCTACTGGCTGGTTGATGGAGCAGTCGTTAACCCAATTCCTATTTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 66163_66244
TCTGGGCGCAGGCGGGTCAGTCGATTCCAGCAACCGGCACCACCCACGCCGACTATTTCTACGGCACCATTCCCTGCACCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3798736_3798817
AACATATGAGTACACGAGCAATAGAAATACTGAAGCATATTTATGGTGAGGGTAAATTTTCCACCAACTACGACTTGCATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2559423_2559504
CGAGGAATCCGGTTGCAGATCTTGATACGGCACTGAAGGCCCGCCGACCTGGTCACAACGCGTGGATACCGATTAGTGAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 289764_289845
TAACGAGATGACGCTGGTCTACGCGGGCGATGCGCGCAACAACATGGGCAACTCGATGCTGGAAGCGGCGGCGCTGACCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2670610_2670691
TGGAGCGGCGAATCGCCCGTCTGGAAACGGGCATGGCCTGGGCAGAAGAGCCGCCGTCACGCACCCGTCACTTAATCAGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4077904_4077985
TCGCCATTTTTTGATGATTAAGCCCGTCGCCACTCTGGATGACATTCTGCATCGCGGCGACTGGTGCGCGCAGCTGCAACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2164598_2164679
TCTGTAAGCCGTACAGCCCACGGGAAGTGGTAGCGCGCGTCAAAACCATTTTGCGCCGTTGCAAACCGCAGCGCGAGTTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2734629_2734710
CTGTGCTGTTTTGCAATCGAGCGGGAACGGAAGTCGCCGCCGCTCATGCTGGCTGGCGTGGACTGTGCGCAGGCGTGCTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3078126_3078207
GGCCTCTAACCCAGGTCCGGGCCTGGGGCTGCTGCTGGCGTTTACCTTGTTTGGTAAAGGGATGAGTAAACGTTCTGCGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2924968_2925049
ATACCTTTTATACGACTCAGTTTGCCGGGGATATGCACGCGCAGTTTGGCGATATCAAACTGACATTGCTGCAAACCTGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3072001_3072082
CTGCTCGCCCGATGGTGGCTATCGTTGGTGGTTCTAAAGTATCTACCAAACTGACCGTTCTGGACTCCCTGTCTAAAATCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3510355_3510436
ATCTGCCAGGGCTGCATTTAGCCGGACTTACCCATTTCCCTTGCCTGCTTTGGGATGAGGCTGTCGGAAAAGTTTTGCCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1444331_1444412
CCCTGACGCTGGCCGCTGGCAGTGGCGCTACTGGGGAAAAGGGAGTTTTACACCGATGAATGCCACCTGGGATGTCGCAGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1773105_1773186
AACTAATGAATTACCGCAAATGAACAGCAAACCGTTAGTCTGGCTGGAAGGTGTTTCATCGGTACTGTTCGGTGTAGCCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 292596_292677
CCCTTTATTTATTATATGGGCGAAAGAGTATTCTGAATCAGGTAAATGCCACTATCACATTTGCCTGTTGTTCAACAAAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1661728_1661809
CATGCTTTCCGTTCTCACCGGCAACGTCGGCATAAACGGCGGCAACTCAGGCGTACGCGAAGGTAGCTGGGATCTGGGGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2293893_2293974
GCGGTATGTTTATCCTCGCCTTTATGGTGCTGGTGATTGGCGGTTCGCTGCTGCTGTTTGCCGCGCGTGGACACAAAGTTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4549792_4549873
ATAAGACGCGTCAGCGTCGCATCTGGCATAAACAAAGCGCACTTTGCTGGTCTGTTCCCCTCACCCTAACCCTCTCCCCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3064346_3064427
CGATCTGATCATCGCCGCCAGTACCTCAACCTTCTCAATGACGCCTGTAAACCTCGGCGTCCCGTATAACCTGGTCGGCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2972078_2972159
TGGACGCACTGGCAGAGTACCAACGCGCGGGAAAAATTCGTTATATCGGCGTGTCGAACGAAACTGCATTTGGCGTAATGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 486045_486126
TGTTCTTGAATCCACGGTGACAGAAGAACGGCGTCGATTATTGATGGAGATTATATTCCACAAATGCGAATTTGTCGGAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 721355_721436
GTAAGCCGTTTGGCATTGGCGAATTGCAGGCCCGTCTGCGCGTCGCATTACGCCGCCACTCTGCCACCACCGCGCCCGATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4010561_4010642
TGCGCTTTTTTAAAGAAGCGGTGTTCCAATATGCGCTGTATGAGCCTGGATTACTGGAGCCGGAAGGCGTCAGCAAAGTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 268489_268570
TGGATGAACATTTTTATCATCAGGTGATTGGAGAGGTATACCGGCATAAGGTGCTGTTTGTTATCAGCCAGTCGGATAAGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 144048_144129
GTGGTCTGTTTGTTGGCATTCTGGTGACGGCAATTTCACTGTTTTTTGTGCCATTTCAGGTGCATTCGTGGGTATTCGTTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1588535_1588616
AAGTGAATGCAGCAAAGGGACAACGGGGGTTCGGGTTGCATTTAACGGTATTGAGGATGCAGAAAATAATACTTTGTTGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1345710_1345791
TTCTGGTACTGGCATCCAACACCTCACAAAGCGCGCTGGAAGCAATGGCATCACGAATTTTGACCCGCTTACGGCTCCCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1776345_1776426
TCCGGATCAAACCCAACTGTATGGCGGTGCACCGGTTAACCGCTTTATTTCTGGTGACTTCACCCTTGATGACAGTACCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1996432_1996513
GGAAGCCGCGCGCGCACATGGTTTACGCCGCGGTGTCACTCAGTATTTAATGCTGCCAAACCGGGCGCTGGGCTTTTTGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3084884_3084965
TTATGAAGGTACTCGTTCGCAGTCCGACTGTTCGGTGAACTACGGCCTCAATGAATACGCCAACAACATTATCTGGGCGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4453044_4453125
GATCGTCACGTTTAACTCGCCGGATCTCTCATGGTTCGGCAGTGGATCGCTGTTGTTCCTGCCAACGCCGGTCATTATCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 924363_924444
CGCACCACGACGTGCGTTATACCGCAAAAGCGGTGCGTGCGGCGGTAGAGCTGGCGGTGAAATACATTAACGATCGTCATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3082735_3082816
ATTTGTTACCTTGTGCGCATTGCCGGATGCGATGCTGGCGCATCTTATCCGGCCTACGGGTGCCGAACGTAGGTCGGATAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2945400_2945481
TTATTCGTACGTGATTGATGCCATTGATAGTGTACGGCCCAAAGCGGCGCTGATTGCTTATTGTCGGCGCAATAAAATCCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2018910_2018991
GCCTGATGACGCCCCCGGCACACCAGCTCAGCCATTAACACCGCTGGTAGCAGAAGCCCAGAGTAAAGCGGAAGTCATCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 137819_137900
TCGCCACCAGCGACAATCGCCCGCTGTATGTGATTGCCAGCGACGGTGGTCTGCTACCTGAACCAGTGAAGGTGAGCGAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 571813_571894
GCAACTAAAAACATCTGTTTCCCGAGGCTTCTCAACTAAAATTCAGGAGCACTTAGCAATGGGCGTTCTACTTTCGTTAGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4143030_4143111
GTGGCTTCAGGGGATGCAGCAGGGCAGCATTGTTATGCTGGCGGTGATCATGGGTCTGATGCTGGCGTTCGATATGGGCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 161095_161176
TAGCTCGCTGAAAAGCGAAGTAAAATACGGCGCAGAACGCAGCCGTATTGACTTTATGTTGCAGGCGGATTCGCGTCCAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3590428_3590509
GGCTGATCACCCATTTTCTCGCGGAGTTCGGCTACGACTGGAACCACGCGCAAAACAGCGGTCAGGCAATGTTTCTGGTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3131835_3131916
CTGTACAGCAGGCGACGAAACCTTTTCTGCGCGCAGCGGGGAGCGTCGTAGCCTGGTATTTTGACTTTGGTTTTGCGGGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3528964_3529045
TTCCGTTTCTTGAGGCACTGAAAGCCAGCGGTAAGCAGCGAATTTTGCTCACCAATGCGCATCCGCACAACCTGGCGGTAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4008028_4008109
GTGGTGCACTGAAAAAAGAGGCGGTTTCTGCACCTGCGCCACAGGTCGAGCTGGCGAAAAGTGGGCGCAGTTTCCTGAAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2226850_2226931
GTGCATTCTTATGCTCGCAAATTGCGGCTCGTCAGATGGTGAAACAAGGGCAGGGCGGTCGCATCATCAACATTACGTCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1977516_1977597
ACTGAAAACCGGTTTGTGTAATGGCGTCGATGCGGTGATCAAAGCCTACCGTTTATACCTTGAACAGTGCCCACAAGCAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2512048_2512129
TTCGGAAGCGGTCTTCCTGGCAGCAGGCGTGTTAGGGGCGACGATTATGCCGCATGTGATTTATTTGCACTCCTCGCTCAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3495243_3495324
GTCTATCGGTGTTGATAAACTGCCGGACAGCGCGCAAATCTGCTCCTGCTTCGACGTCACCAAAGGTGATCTGATTGCTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3975672_3975753
GCTTCCATGAAACCAAAAACTACACGGCGGGCGGTGAAGGCGGCGCGACGCTGATTAACGATAAAGCGTTAATCGAACGAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3329640_3329721
GAACCGCTTTACGCTGACGGGATGCCTGCCACAACGTTCTGAGCCGCTCCCGTTGGCTTTTGCCGTGCAGGATGGAGCCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3736216_3736297
GTGAACGCCTTATCCGACCTACCCGCCAGGCATGATAAAACGCACCAACAACGCTTCAGGCTCGTAGCTCAACTGCCTGAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4510372_4510453
AAACTTAGTCATGTCACGTTTTTGGGTTTCTAAAATTTTAACTTCGCGTTTTTCGTTGCCGTAAGGGTTATACAGAAATGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1943767_1943848
TTTGCTGGCAGTGACGCCAGAAGATCTCATCTCTATTGCGATTGGCGTGGTCATCGTGGTGGCTATTTTGTTCTGGCAATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 655236_655317
GGCAACGTTATCTGGATAAAAAAGAGCACATCTCTCATGAAATGTTAGATGTCAGTGAAATCACCACCACTGCTCCTGCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1971821_1971902
CCGTCACTCATGTCCGCGAAGGTTCAGATGCCATCTATGCCGGTACCCGTGAAATTGCGGCGGGCAACACCGATCTTTCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2119380_2119461
GCTGGCGCGTATTCTCGGCGCGGGCGTGGCAGGGGGATACAACCTGGCGTACAACGTGGCCGTTGTGCCACCGATGAAGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4234543_4234624
GTTCTGGGACTGGGTTGGCGGCCGTTACTCTTTGTGGTCAGCGATTGGCCTGTCGATTGTTCTCTCCATCGGCTTTGATAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 304811_304892
TCCACGGGATAACCGCGAGCGCTACTACCGGGTCTCATTTCGCGAGGTCCCCACTCGTAACCATACAAGACGCAGCCCAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4308940_4309021
GGTGATCTCCGATGCCAACTCGGTATACGGCTTCTCATTTGACTTCGTGAACTTCTTTGCCGCCAGCGTAATTGGGATACC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3254630_3254711
CAATCTCAGCAAAGACAAACCGTTAACGCGAATGCAGCTTTGGCTGGACGCCTGCCCGCAGCGAGAGAATCCGCTGATTCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2494045_2494126
GGGCAAAGTTCGCTAAGCCAGGTAAAAAGACCAATCTCAATGATGACCAATATATTGTCATTAATGCATCTGTCGGAATTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4558901_4558982
GGCAGAATCCCGCGTTGGCGGTTTGCTCGGCGGTAAACCTGGCGTCACCGTGTTCCACATGGGCGACAGTAAAAAGGCGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 341777_341858
CGCAGCACGGTTTGCTGCTGTCGAAATCTGAACCTTTAATGCGTGAAGCGATGCAGGCGGGGGCGCATTACGTCGGCGGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2349108_2349189
GGGTGAATGGCGAGCGTTGCTGGTGACTGAAGATATGGCGGGGTTCATCAGCATTGCTGACTGGTATGCCCAGCATGCAGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1108323_1108404
CGGTGATTTTTTTATGCCTCGGCATCGGTTATGCGGTAATAAGAAGAACGATTTTTATTGTGTATCCGCCCATTCTGAGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1263149_1263230
GCACGGAACTGGAGCTGAATGCTCAACCGGGTAACGTGCAGTTAGTCGACAATAAAGGTCAGCGTTATACCGCCGATGACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 372480_372561
CTTCGACGAATTGTATAACGCCATTGAATGGGTACTTCCGGCGCTGGAAGTGGTGGGGAGCCGCATTCGCGACTGGTCGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1836617_1836698
CGGTTACCTATCCGCGCCCACCGGACTTTACCGGCACGGCGTTTCTTGAACAGTTGCTGATTATGCTGACGCCCGATCCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 630907_630988
GTCTGGCTTCCATGCGCTGATCTCTTCTGGGACCACGCCGAAGATGCTGGCGAACGAAGGGCAGGCGTGCTTTATCGGCTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 533379_533460
CGGCAATGAAGCGGTATTAATTGGTCAGTTAGAGTGTAAATCGATGGTCAGGATGTGTGCGCCACTGGGCAGTCGTCTGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1319068_1319149
GCGAATCCGGCATCAATACTTACGCTCAGGTGCGCGAGTTAAGCCACTTCGCTAACGGTTTTCTGATTGGTTCGGCGTTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1790487_1790568
CGCGTCGTTAATTGCCCAATGGCAGACGGTCGGCTTTGCTCATGGGGTGATGAATACCGACAACATGTCGCTGCTGGGGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3551237_3551318
CCTGGCCGGGCGATGAAAAAGTGTGGGCCAAACTGGCGGTGGTGCACGACAAACAAGTGCATATGGCGAACCTGTGTGTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2025879_2025960
TGCAACCATCGCCGAATGGACGGGATTAAGCCGTAGCCAGGCGGCGCTGACGCAGCTTCATGAGGCGTCGGTAACGCTAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3304475_3304556
CCTTATCCGAGCTGGCAACGCTGTCCTACATAGACCTGATAAGCGAAGCGCATCAGGCATTGTGTAGGCAGCAGAAATGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1603494_1603575
TTTCAGCAATTGGTTGGTTGACGATAATTCTGGTGGCATTTATGGCCTGGCTGCTGGCAAAGACGGCGTTTGGACGCAGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1909197_1909278
TAAAATACTCTTATAGCAAGCGCGTTTAATATAACGCCACCTTCAACTTTATTTTTCTCATGCTAAATAAAGAACCTGTCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 216552_216633
TAAGCTTTTCGTCTTACGAGTCCCGGATCTTACCCCGCAACAAGCCACAGATATCACCGCGTTTGCCAATAAAATCAAAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2324395_2324476
GCGTGCTCGGCGGTTTGCAAGTAGACGAAGAAGCAAACCTCGCGAACTGGGTAGTGCCTGGGAAAATGGTGCCCGGTATGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2519925_2520006
TTTACGCGCACGTTTCTATGATCAATGGCGATGACGGTAAAAAACTGTCCAAACGTCACGGGGCAGTCAGCGTAATGCAGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4203943_4204024
TGAATTGTTCGGTCACGAAAAAGGGGCGTTTACTGGAGCCGATAAACGCCGGGAAGGGCGCTTTGTTGAGGCGGACGGCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3626202_3626283
GTGGTTTGGCGGGGTGATGGCGATCATCAACAACATTACCATGCTGGCGATTGTATTGACCGGATCGGCGCTGATCCGCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2146598_2146679
TCGCCTGATGCGACGCTAACGCGTCTTATCATGCCTACAAATCGCTCATTCCCCAGGCCGGATAAGGCGCTCGCACCGCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1616281_1616362
TACACCACATATTGAACCCCTGCCTTCGGATCACCATACCGCTGCAGATTACTTACGCCAGTTTGATTTGCTTGTCCTGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4323805_4323886
CTTCCTCGTCCCCGGCTACTACGTCTTCGCCAAAAACAATATCTCCGCCAGCGACTTCAAGCGCACCGTCAACGCCGGGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2553635_2553716
TGAAGAAGATGCTATTCACTGGCATCGCACCGCCCGTGACCTGTGCCTGCCATTTGGCGAAGACGTTTATCCCCGTTACAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4314231_4314312
CAATGGGGAGAGGGAGAAAACGAGCGCAATATTCAATATCGAGCACAATCGGTCCCCTCGCCCCTCTGGGGAGAGGGTTAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3120399_3120480
AGTCTGGCGGCCGAAAAATACCGAAACGGCAATCAGCATGGGACAATCCGCAGGTGCGATGGTGGTAAATAAGCCATCTTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 972972_973053
GCGAAAATCCGGGATCAAAACTGATCTTCACGGGAGGCGTAGCAAAAACCAATACGGTGAGTACAGCGGAAGTAGGTGCCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1176930_1177011
CCTGGAAAACGTGGCTATGCCGCTGCTGATTGGCAAGAAAAAGCCCGCTGAAATCAACAGCCGTGCACTTGAGATGTTAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 96504_96585
TGATGCCGCAGCTGGGGCTGTTCTACATTCTGCTGGCTTACTTCGTCATTGTGGGTACTGGCAACGCGGTAAACCTGACCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4102142_4102223
GCTCATGACGATGATTATTCTGGGCACTGCCGGGATTGCCTCGTTTGAACCGCATGTTTTCGTCGGCGCAGTATTACCGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4236542_4236623
CTCTGCTCGGCGGCGACAACCTGATTGAAGTGAATAACCTTGCTGCCGACCCGCTGATTAAACCCGCACAAATCGTTGATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2835070_2835151
GGATGCGACGCTGGCGCGTCTTATCCGACCTACGGGGACGCATGTGTAGGCCGGATAAGGCGTTTACGCCGCATCCGGCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3992387_3992468
CGCAGGATATCGGCGTGCTGACGCGTAAGCTGTATGCCGCGTTTGAAGCATTACCAGGTAAAGTGACGCTGGTAAACCCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1847447_1847528
GGGTGAAGAAAAACAGTACCGCACAAGCCGGATGCAAACTGTTCCTGACGAAACCGCTGGGGATCGGCGTTCTTACCACGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3185650_3185731
CTGCATGCTGAGTCAGGGTGGAACTACTTATTCAAAAGCGAAGGTTACTTTCACTACAGCAAATACCATGACGGGTCAGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 269696_269777
TTGAACAGGATGATTTTGATCTCGATATAGTCTACGGTGAACCCCGCCCATCACCCTATGAGAAGATCCCGCTTGCTGTTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3013387_3013468
TGATGATGAAACCTTCTCATCCTTCCGGACACCAGCTGGTGGTGATTCGCGGTGCGGGAGATATCGCCAGTGGTGTGGCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3630029_3630110
CTGCGCTGGAATCGGCGAAAGCTCAGGTATCGGCTTCTAAAGCGGCTATAGAAGCGGCACGCACCAATATCATTCAGGCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4003694_4003775
GGCGATATGTGGCGTGTTAGTCCAGCTGTGGACTTTTGGTTCGCTACCTATTATCGCGCTGGGACTGGCATTTAGTTTTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1521975_1522056
CAGCCGCTGGACACACCGTGGTGAACTGGGCGTTCCGGTCACGTTCACTACCGGCCTGAACTACGAAAACATGAGTGAAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3723323_3723404
TCTTCTTCAACACCGACCGTAAAAAACGTCTTGAAGATAACCTGCCGCGCCTGCAAACCGTGTTGTTCCAGCAACAGTTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4536283_4536364
AGAATCCGTCGACTTATAATCGCCAGAACGGCATATCAGGACGGTGCTGCGAACGCTGTGGCCCAAAACGTTCCAGTAAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2932400_2932481
TGACATGATGGATGGTATGCCTCCAGCGCTGAAAGCTGCGACGGGTGTCGATGCGCTCACTCATGCTATTGAGGGGTATAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3014633_3014714
TGACGTAATTCTCATTGAAGCAGATGGCTCGCGTGGAATGCCGTTAAAAGCGCCTGATGAGCACGAACCTTGCATACCCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3208716_3208797
TTGGGGCGACTGGTTCCTCGGGATGTTGCCGCTCAGCATTTTACTGGTTCTGCTGGTTCCCTGGCTGGCTTACGTGCTGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2117725_2117806
AGTGGAACATGGCGTCGATACCGCGTGGCTGGTCGATCACCACACAGAAGACTTCACCGCCAGCTATGCCGTTCAACACTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1499920_1500001
CCTGCTCCAAATTTATGATCGCGCAAGGGTTAGCGCCTCGCGTATTGTCCACCAGGCACAAATTTATGGCGATGCCGTCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3907176_3907257
AAATCTGCCGTACTGCGCTGGAGAAATTCTCCCAGCAGCATCAGCCGTTGCTGGTAAGTCTGGAGTCGCTGGGCCGTCATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 23760_23841
CTAACCGTCCTGACTGGTGTATCTCCCGTCAGCGCACCTGGGGTGTACCGATGTCACTGTTCGTGCACAAAGACACGGAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 100138_100219
TGTGTTGGCGCTGCCGTTGCCGCAGCAACGTTTGGCTGGACGTGAAGGTCCGGTTCGTGTGCTGGTAGTGGGTGGTTCTCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4482370_4482451
ATGTTGTCCTGCGTCAGGACGAAGACGTTCTCGATACCTGGTTCTCTTCTGCGCTGTGGACCTTCTCTACCCTTGGCTGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 942142_942223
AAATCGCAACCCGTGCTATCTCGATGCTGGCGATTCTGACCGGTAACGTTGGTATTAACGGAGGCAACAGCGGCGCGCGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1759874_1759955
GCACCAGCATGGCGCAAAAGTGCTGGTGGATGGCGCTCAGGCGGTGATGCATCATCCGGTGGATGTTCAGGCGCTGGATTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4268519_4268600
ATTATTAAATTTAATAATAAGTATCGGGTTTGTTACGATAGAATATTTCTATATCCTCAAGAATATGCTTTGCCTTATTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1229340_1229421
CCCTGTTTTTGAAAGCGCTCTGTCATAATGAGAGTTACCCGATACCTTATTATCAACAGGTAACTCTCAATCTTTAAAAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 795436_795517
CAGCGTGCAGAAAGATTTCACCATCGACAGCAAAACCAACTGGACTTCACTGCTGAATGGCGGTCGCCTGGCGGTTGGCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2864585_2864666
GGTACCGGGCAGTATTTATCGATAATATCCGCTACGCTGCCGACCGCTTTGCGCCACACGGCAAGCGAATATTAGTTGAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 901853_901934
TGGTGTCATCGCTCTGTCACTGCTGTATGCCGCCTATGCCTCGCAAACGCTTCGGGGCGCGTTGAAAGCGGTGCCGGTGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1976656_1976737
GCGGTCACATGAACACCTTCGAAATCGAAGCTCTGATGGATGAAGAGATTGAGACGCACGAAAGCGAGGCAGAAGTCCCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 727856_727937
TGTGCTTTGCCTTTGGTGAAGTGATGGGCGATCGCCGCCAGGGGCGCATGTTGCTGTGGGCGATGTCAGTGATTTTTGTCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3593041_3593122
TTTTTGCTGAACGCGACCAGTTCCAGGAGCGCATAAAGTGGGTGTATGAGCTGTTTCCACGTCTGCATGAGCGCCGTATTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2877060_2877141
TACGCCTACCGAGTATGGTATTCGATTTGTGGCGACCAGCGGCGAAGAGGAAGGGAAATTAGGCGCTGAGAATTTACTCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4489273_4489354
CAGCCTGCTGTGGATGCTTTCAGAGTTGTATGAACAATTGCCGGAAGCGGGCGATCTGGAGAAACCAAAACTGGTGTTTTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 965413_965494
AACTGGGAATCACACTTCTGCTTATGCCCGTGCAAATCGTCATATTTCATGGCATTAGTCTGACCTCGTTTATTGCAAATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3468467_3468548
CTTCTGTCGATCAAGACGCATGGGGCTTTGTCCCGGGCGGCGATAACCCGTGGAAGAAATACGAACCGGCGAAAGCATGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4605230_4605311
AGATGTGTCGCCGGAACATTTCCATGCTGAGTTTCACGAAACCGGACGCGTCGCCTGTTTCTGGGTCGATGTGTGTGAAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1268553_1268634
AAACCGGTGCGGTAATTAACGTCAAGAAACCACAGTTTGTCAGCCCGGGACAGATGGGTAATATCGTTGATAAATTCAAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3957334_3957415
TGGTCACTGGTGAAGCGGATCTGGCGATTGCGGGTAAACCGGAAACCTTGCCCGGCGCAGTGGCGTTTTCGATGCTGGAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3302889_3302970
GCTGGTGTATGCCAGTGGAGCTTTCCCGCGACTGGCTGGTGAATCTGCTTAATCAGTGCGATGAGCTGGGCATTCGTAACC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2980250_2980331
ACACATTGCGGATGCCACCGGACGTGCAATTACCGGGGCCGGAATGACTCGTGTGGCGCTGCTGGGTACGCGTTACACCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3192483_3192564
GGTCTGGCAATCACCACTGTCGAACCTGTTCGTGGTTCCTGTCAGTTTACTGTTTACGATTATTGCGGTGCATTATACCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2247758_2247839
AAGATCCGGCGAAAAACATTCCACGCGCGGTACGTCAGGTGTTCTGGCGAATCCTGTTGTTCTATGTGTTCGCGATCCTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1057569_1057650
ACCGCTGGAACTGCGCGAACTGGTAGTACGGGTGAAAAATCTGCTCTGGCGAATCGACCTCGCGCGACAAGCTCAACCGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 357583_357664
GTCAGCGGCTACCGTGATTCATTCCCGCCAACAACCGCGCATTCCTCCAACGCCATGTGCAAAAATGCCTTCGCAGCGGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4290915_4290996
GACTGGAAACATTGATGCTGGTGCTGGCGGTGTTGTTGGGGGCTTATACCGGCTTTCTGCTGTCGGCGCTGAAATCGTATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3545184_3545265
CTTACACGCTCGTCGCACCACCGGGTTGCAATTGCCGGATCGCATCGTCAGCGTTCCGTTATGGCAGCGGCGTCACTGGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1041227_1041308
AGAAACAGGACGAAAGCTGTTCATTAACGCAGGCATTACCATCGGAACTCAAGGTGAGCGCCGACAATGTCTCATTAACCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3795413_3795494
TGAGCGAAGGTGAAAAATCATATACCTGTAATCAATTTTCGCTTTCATCAGAACGTCCGATGATTGGTTTTTGCCCGGGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3731588_3731669
GCGGCTCGCCGGTAGATAACAACGCCAAGCTGTTCCGCGCCGGACAAATGAAAGTGTTAAAACCTTACGTTGATTCCGGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2360772_2360853
CGCACTGGGGGCCACATGATGGCGATGCGGGGATCCGCAAAGATGCCGCTATGGTCGCGGATATGCGTGAAAAATGCGGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4513818_4513899
GCAATCTGCGGCTATCATCGGCGAAATGGTGGGTAAAAAGCGAGAGATGCAGGCACGTCTGGAACAACATAAAGAGAGGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2402911_2402992
GGCGGTAGAGAAACTGGCCGGGATCACCGTGCCGGATCGCGTTAACGTCATTCGCGTTATGCTCTCCGAACTGTTCCGCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 115084_115165
GTTTGCCGCTATCTATAAGACCTTCAACACCCCACTACCGGCACTAACGCAGGGGATCATGACGCTGGCAGACTTTAGTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1294246_1294327
CGCCGCTATACGCCTCACAGGGCTCTTAAGCACCGACGTTGACTTGTGACCTGTAAAGTACAATATCCCTGTGTTTAGGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4415919_4416000
ACGCTGGTTTCGATTAACTAAATGAAATATGTGAAAATTGTAGGCCGGACAAGGCGCTCGCGCCGCATCCGGCATTGTTCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2721244_2721325
GAACCATCACTGCTTTTATGCATATGGTGGAGTACCGGCGTAATCAGAAGCAACTACGCGAAACGCCGGCGTTGCCCAGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2489675_2489756
TATTGGTCTGTATTTGCTGAATCCTTCTTCAGGAGCGGATGGTAAGAAGAATAGTAATCTGAGCGCATTAATTTCTGCGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1551625_1551706
GAAAGGCAATGAGCATAAAGTGGCGGATGTCGGTAAGTACAACGCCGGGCAAAAGATGATGTTCTGGTCGATCATGAGCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3268969_3269050
AACAAATTTTACTAATGCCAACATGTTTCAGGTTAATTTTGTTAGTTCAACACAAAACGCCACAATCTCCTGGGATTATTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2521996_2522077
GCCCGCGATGCAAATGGCCTTGCTGGAACGCCGCGAACTTGATGCCGGGATCTGGCGAATGGCGACAGAACCACCGACTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3677281_3677362
GCGAATTGGTGATAGCGATATCCACGGTTCTCTGGTCTACACCACCGGAAAGCCACGACCAAAACTGGAAGGTGATGTCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2288246_2288327
ATACCACTGTAGATAGTGGCGGCTTACTGGAGGTTATGGATGGCGGGACTGTAACTGGCGTTGATAAAAAAGCAGGCGGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1624993_1625074
AAATCCTCAGCGTAAGCCAGCAATCTCTTGAACGATATTCTGCGGTGAGTGAGAAAGTGGCAGCAGAAATGGCAACCGGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3847925_3848006
ATCGCCCGCAGGCGTTAGGTTTACCGGCGGTCGGTGAATGGCGACACGACGCGCTGGAAATTGCTCAACAACAAGAAGGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1524385_1524466
GAAAACGGTGAGACTTGCCTGCCTTTTATCACGGCGTATCCGGCACTTTCGTCAGTAATCTGAATTTGCCCGGCACGTAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 708998_709079
ACTCCTTTGGGGCGAAATACGACTTCAAAAATAACTTCGTACTGGAAGCGGCATTTGGTCAGGCGGAAGGGTATATCGATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1646916_1646997
GAATTGCAACTATTTCTGTAGTCACTTTTGTGGGGACAGTCCACAAAACTGCCAACTTCCGCTTCTTGCTCTTAGCGGACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2010116_2010197
TTGCCGATGGCTGGTTTGAGTGGAAAAAAGAAGGCGACAAAAAACAGCCTTTTTTTATCTATCGTGCTGATGGACAACCTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 613299_613380
ATGCAACAGCAGAAGAACGCCCGCTGGCAGTTTTGCTCGATGGCGAATTTTGGGCGCAAAGTATGCCCGTCTGGCCAGTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2471794_2471875
AAGAAATGTAGGGACAGGGGCGAATCAGATACCTGATATGGGTAGTTTTATGCTTTCTGCTTCAGTTCCTGGATATCAAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2550889_2550970
GCTTTTTTGAAGTGATGAAGGGCGACAACGTGGCGATGGTGATTAACGGCGATCAAGGCACGATCAGTCGCATTGACGTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2353422_2353503
CTGGCGATACCATTTCGCTGATTGGTACCACCTCTTTACGTATTGATTACAACGAGATTGACGATAATCGAGTGACGGCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3893205_3893286
TATCGGTTTTTCCGGTCGCGAAAGCCATCCTCGCTCGCGGGAGCTGTTAAGCTCGCTACCGTTAGCCATTGATTATGAAGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 209061_209142
GCAAATGGCTGAACGCTTTAAGATGCCTATCATCACCTTTATCGACACCCCGGGGGCTTATCCTGGCGTGGGCGCAGAAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3391266_3391347
AAGAAGCAGTGCGTATGGCGCTGGTCAATCTTTCTGCCGTTGCTGCACCAGCGGGCACCATGCCGGTAGTACTTGGCGCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 619752_619833
CGGTAACGAAAGCAATGCAGGCCACGGGAATAACTCATCTGGCAGATCAAAGCGTGGATACCCTTTCTGGCGGACAACGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3595901_3595982
GGTGGTGGGGCATAGCGAAAACTTCTCTGCCTCTATTACCACCATGCAGGCGGTGATCTGGATTGTTACCTTCCTCGCCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2616786_2616867
TCAGGCGCGTTACTCCTCGCGCCCGCCGGAAATTTTATTGACTCACCCGTTGCCGGAAAGTCGTCTGGCAGATGCCCGCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4543958_4544039
TATTCATTTACGGGAATGTAGCACGGTGGTGAGTGAACGTGTAGGTGTGGCGTTTCACGGTGTCGCGGATGGTAAAAATCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2939694_2939775
ACGCCAGTTGCCTGACATCAACATTCAGGTCTTCACCAATAGCCATCCGATTTGCCATGAACTCGGTAAACGCGAACGCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3790793_3790874
TGTCGTTTGATCTGGTGGGCGAAGATGTGCTGGTTTCTGGTGCAGGCCCGATTGGTATTATGGCAGCGGCGGTGGCGAAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3827336_3827417
CTGCCGGATGCGATTCATCACCCTACAAATTCAATAAATTATGAATCAATACGCAGGCTTGATAAGCGAAGCGTATCAGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2652877_2652958
CGATGATCTGCTGTTAGAAGAAGGTGCAGTAGAGCTGCCGGAAGGAGAGTTTAACGCCGCGTTTAATCCTGAAGCCGTGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4104249_4104330
AGGAATTCCTTGCCGCAGGTGCCAGTTTTAACCAGATGGTCACCGCGCTGGAGCGCATGATGACCTCTCAGCAGCGTCTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1071326_1071407
TACGCGCCGCTGTTTTCAGGTTCGCGAACGATTACTGTATAGCGGCGGCGCGCAGGCATGGGTGGAAGCGCAGCCGTTGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 901161_901242
GTCGCTGAATAGTGCGGCGTATACCACGCAGCTGTTTTACGGTGCAATTCGTGCGATCCCGGAAGGTCAGTGGCAGTCCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4553592_4553673
CGGCGACGCCAGAAACCTTACAGGAAATTGCTGACCAGCTGGGTGTTTACGACCCGTGCGCCATTGCCTGCGAACCGTTCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 319299_319380
TTTTACGCGATCAGGGCGTCGATATTATCCTCAATGCCCATGTGGAGCGAATCAGTCACCATGAAAATCAAGTGCAAGTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3525830_3525911
ATTAATTGATCCGGGTGAAAGCGTCTACGAAGCCGCTAACCGCGAGCTAAAAGAAGAGGTTGGATTTGGAGCGAACGATCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2761223_2761304
GTTTGTATTAAGATATCGGTAATCTTTTGATGGTTGGAAGCCCGTCCTGGTAGACGACCTAGCCTACCGAAGATGTGAGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4229758_4229839
TGCTGGCACCAATTACTGACGTGGTTAAACGTGGCGCTCTGTATATTGGCTGGAGCGCAGGCGCTAACCTTGCTTGCCCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4411592_4411673
GCTCTTTGTCTATGAAGAGAGCTACGGTATCAGTAAAGAGAGTCACTGGCGCGAGGCGATCAACGCCAAAGCGATGGGAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4263700_4263781
GCGGCGTTGGCTTAATTGCCTGCCAGTGGGCAAAAGCCCTGGGCGCGAAACTTATCGGCACCGTAGGAACCGCGCAAAAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3673829_3673910
GCGTGAAGCGATTCGTGCCCAGTCGCGCGATGTCTGGGAACGCTCGCCGCAAGATCAGGAGAAGTTCTGGGTAAAATATCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3088942_3089023
AAGCGAAACGCGAACTGGATGAAATCCGTGAAAGTTTGCAGGTTAAACAGAGTGGCTGGGCGCTGTTTAAAGAGAACAGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2811974_2812055
CCAATCAGGCGATGATTCTGGGGACTAAACTGGAAGATCAGCCAGCCGTGCAACAGGCTGCCACCGAAGTACGTAACGCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4043692_4043773
CTCAGGCATGGGCTGTGGCGATGGCGCTGGGCGTGGAAGACAAAGTGACTGTTCCGCTGTTTGAAGGCGTACAGAAAACCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4062840_4062921
TGAGGTGAAAAAAGAAGACGGAGCATCGAAAAACACCAGTATGACCTCGGTGCTGAAAGACAAAACTATCTGGCTTATCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 902583_902664
CCCTGTTTGTGGGTCAGCAAGGCAAATACACCAGTGTTGATCAGCTGAAAGGCAAAAAAGTCGGCGTACAGAACGGGACGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2639899_2639980
CATGTACACTAACCCGCTGCGCGTGCTGGATTCAAAAAATCCGGAAGTGCAGGCGCTTCTCAACGACGCTCCGGCATTAGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3806466_3806547
ATACAGTGAGCAAATCCCAAACAGCCGTGAAATTTATCGCCAGAAAAATGGCATAAAAGAGCAACAAAACTTATTACTGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 57732_57813
TGGTCGTTTTGACTTAATTCGTATGTTTCTGGAGATCCAGATTCAGGCGGCGTTTGCTGATGGTTCACTGCACCCGAATGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2562781_2562862
AGAATATGCGAAGCACTGGAACATGAAAGGCGTCATGAATGACAAAACCCGCTTCCACGCCGACAAGTGGGTAGGGTACAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1204931_1205012
CATGGCGCGACTTTATACCCGCGAGATTGACGGTAAAACGCATTACTACAGTGTGGCCCCGCGTTTCTGGGTACCGTATGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2914310_2914391
TTTTGCGCCATACCGCACCGCTAAGTTCGGCAGATCGCGAAAAACTGGAACGCTTTTCGCATTCTGAAGGCCTGGATCTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3095411_3095492
GTTTGCGCATCGCTACCCGTCTCAACGACCAGCGCCCGGCAGAACTTCCCCCTCTTAACGTTCTGATTCAAATTAACATTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4555866_4555947
AGGTTTACGGCTAAATTTATTTATGAAGAGCCCTTTCGATCCTGTTGAGGACTATACAGTTCATGAAATAACATTAGGCCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1478635_1478716
CCATTTTTTGGGGCTGGATAATGACCGTTTTCGCCTTGAGTCATGCCGCCTGGTTATTAATGTTGCCAACCACAAATATCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3793215_3793296
AAGCTATCAACATGGGCTTAGTGAAAACGCCTCTTGTTGCGTGGATAGATTTTGGCTATTGCCATAAGCCAAATGTAACTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1698627_1698708
TGTTGATACGGTTCGCCCGGACAACATGCAGGCTGCACAGTTGTTGACGGAGCATCTCATTCGCAATGGGCATCAGCGGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2004536_2004617
CCCAGAATGCGCAGCTGACAGTCAACAACGTCGCCATCGAGAACAGCAGCAACACCATCAGCGACGCGCTGGAAAACATCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 107922_108003
ATTCGAACTATTCCGTTGATTACTGGCATCAACATGCCATTCGCACGGTAATCCGTCATCTTTCTTTCGCAATGGCACCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4500153_4500234
TCTCTGTTATTGCTTCTGATGCGGAGCATGCCACTTTCCTCAAGAAAGGCAGCTTCGCTTCCCGTAAAACAGATGACAAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 696314_696395
GGATAAGACGCGGCAGCGTCGCATCCGACATTGAAGGATAAGACGTGTCAACATCGCATTCGACATTGAATGAACGCAGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2448842_2448923
CAGCCATTTTGAGGCGAAGAAACTGCGCCGTGGCGATTATTCGCCGGAGTTGTTTTTGGATTTACACGGTCTGACGCAGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2254676_2254757
TCCGTGAAATTGTGCTAATGGGCGGCGCTTACGGTACAGGCAACTTCACGCCATCTGCCGAGTTCAACATCTTTGCCGACC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4438137_4438218
AGAAAAAACAGTCTGACATACCGAAAAGGATTAAAGGTTATATTCACCAGGCGATTGGTGACGTGTCTTTAGGTTATGCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4474381_4474462
TCGTCCGGTAGGCGAGTGCCTGGTTGAGGTATTAAAAGAAGCGGCGCGCAGATATAGCCAAAACGGCGGCTGCGCTGGCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 395669_395750
AGGCGGCGTACTCTAACCTTGCGTTCGACCTGCTGGCAGATGCACTGGCGAATGCGTCCGGCAAGCCTTATACCCAGTTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3828023_3828104
CCACGCCGAACGGTATTCCGGATGACCAGGAAGTCCCGACGGCGTTTGAAAAGCCGGATGTGGGACGCATGATCACCTCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 846750_846831
TCATGATCAACTCCGGCGCGTATATTGCGGAAATCACGCGTGGTGCGGTGCTGTCTATCCACAAAGGTTTTCGTGAAGCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1506401_1506482
TTTATGATCCACAACAGCAGGCGATGGTGATCACTTCGCTGTTTCCTTATGATCCACAACTCTGCTTTGAACACTTCTCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2690345_2690426
GACCGAGCGAGTTACGCTCGGTTGGGCAACGTATTCTTTGGTTAAGTGAGCGCCTGTCATGGCTGGAATCCCAACGCCATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1700112_1700193
GCGGCACGCAGGAAGTCTGCGGTCAAACCGTCAGCGGCGCACTGACCATCTTCCAGGCGCAATTGAGTTGCCCGACCACTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 879260_879341
GCAGGATCTGGATAAATTACAGGGCAAACTGGTGCGTCTGACCGACCAGGGCGAAATCCCGGATGATAATCCTTTTATAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4641246_4641327
CTTCATGGATGAGCCATGCCGCGCTGGTGTTTGGTCGCGAAGATTCCGGGTTGACTAACGAAGAGTTAGCGTTGGCTGACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 243793_243874
ACGTTAGTCATATTTCCTGCGTCGGTAATGATTTCGGTTTCAATGATATTTTCTCCCGCTACGTTGAAGCGGTAGGTCGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3513971_3514052
CCCGCACGTTGCCGATACGTTGGGCGCGTTGCAGGCTAAAGGCCTGCCGCTAGGCCTGGTCACCAACAAACCGACGCCGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 48661_48742
TTTTGCTGCTCGGTTTCCTCATCATCAAAATCGCCATGCTGTGGCTGATTGCCCGACCGTTGCAAGTGCCAAATAAACAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1939668_1939749
TGATGGCCTCGCAAGGGCAGAAAATGGCAGCGATGTTCCATAATCAGGGCAACCCGGTTTTTGATTATGTCTGGAACACGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 717566_717647
AGTCTGCGTGTGCGAATACTGATGTAGTGGAAAACCCGGAACGTAATGTGCCAATCGCGGTACTCGGCGGTACGTTAGGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1229899_1229980
AAAGTTTCAACAACGCTTCCGGGAAACTGCTGGCGTTAGATAGCCAGTTAACCAATGATTTTTCAGAAAAAAGCAGCTATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 377002_377083
TGAAATGAACCGAATCACCATTGCCAATGGCGATATTGGTTTTAACTTCACTGACGGCAATCTGATTAAGAAGATTTTTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4199760_4199841
ATCTGTACGGCGTTTATCCGGCAATCGATGCCTGCGTGGCGTTAAGTGAACTGGTCCATTCGCGTTTGAGTGGTGAAACGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2078942_2079023
TTCTCGGATGAGAATGATGACGGTGATACACAGATAAGAATCAATGAGCAATGAGGGTTGCCGGGCAACCCTCATTGAATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3749623_3749704
GTTTTGCTGAAGGGCTGGCGTGGGCAGTCGAACAGGCGGCGGCATCACAAGTAATGCTGGCGGTGGAGATTATGGATACCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2926951_2927032
CAGAGCCGTCGATTATCGCCGCTGAACCGCCTAACCCGCTGGTCAACGAATTGATCATCATGCCAGATATCGAAAAACGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4284038_4284119
TCTCCGCGCTCTCTCTGGGTCTGGGACTGATGTTTGGTACGGCGGGCTTGCCGCACATTCTGATGCGCTTCTTTACAGTCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 52882_52963
TGCTGGCGACCGAAGAACTTCGCGTGGCGCTGGCAACGACGCATTTACCGCTGCGCGATATCGCAGACGCTATCACCCCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1869557_1869638
TGAACCTGCGCAACTGCTGGAAGAGGAACGTCTGCGCAAAGAAATTGCAGAATTACGTGCCAAAATTGAACGCGTCCCTTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3236172_3236253
CAATAAGATCCATGTGCTAAAAAACGCGCTCGGGTTACATACCGCTGTTTCTCGTGTGCAGGGCGGCAAGCTGAAAGCAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1062059_1062140
ACAAGCGGCGCTGCCGTATGCATCGGCCTACAAACAGGACGAGCAAGAGATTAAACGCTTGTTAGTTGAGGCAGGGATGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3720315_3720396
TTATTTGTTTTCAGGAAATAAATAATCGATCGCGTAATAAAATCTATTATTATTTTTGTGAAGAATAAATTTGGGTGCAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1505453_1505534
CGCAAGGTGACGTTGTCACAACTGATGTTGTCTTTAAACCCGTTCTCCCCACTTATATTACCCCTGATTTTTCGTTTGCTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2667237_2667318
GTCCGACGATTCAGCCACAAGGGGCAAGTCGCCAGCAGGAGAGCACCGGTTGGTCTGCGTGGTTGGCGCTGGTTCGCCAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2756740_2756821
TCCTAGTGTAAATATCGGAAAAGCTTTCGAGAAACCGCAAAAGAAAAACATGCCAAGCATCCGGCCGGATCAACTTCCGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 254948_255029
TGCTGGTGCGCTTCCTGGCGGGTCATGCGGAAGAACTGGATCTGCGCCTTATCGATTTCAACGGCGGCACACTGCGTAACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2365280_2365361
CCGTGAACTGGGCAACGCTTTTAGTGCTGATATCCCTGATTTCGATCTTTATTCCAGTAATACCGTCCGGACCATTCAGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2711192_2711273
TAACAGAAGCACTGCGCGGCGAAGGCGCTTATCTCAAGCGCCCGGATGGTACGCGTTTTATGCCCGATTTTGATGAGCGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2477122_2477203
TCAATCTGCAACGTGCCGGAATCGATTTGGCGATCTACTTTGATGATGCGCCGTCAGCGCAACTCACTCATCACTTTCTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2208496_2208577
TTGATTTCAAAAGTACTCTGCGCGCCAACCTGCAACACTGGCACCCGCAACACGGCAAGTTGTATATCGAATCCCCCCGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1313252_1313333
AGAGAGTCAGTGCGCTGCGAGCTATTGGTGCCAGTGCGCCGATATTGCCAAAGTTATTTATTCTGATTTTTCTGACTACCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3949170_3949251
AGAGGCACTGGAGAGTGCTGCGATATTAAGTCTGGTAAATGCTGAATCAGTACAAAAACAATGGCGGCAGCGCCCGTTCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3602374_3602455
TAACGTGGCGATCCCGCTGATTATCGCCGGTGCCAGCGGTGACGATATTCGTCGCCGGGTGTCGGCGGCGCTGGATAAAGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 386551_386632
AGTGGGGCTGGAAGGCGCAGAAAAACGCTACATCTGGCAGCTTTCCGGTGGTCAACGTCAGCGGGTGGGGATTGCTCGTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4608945_4609026
GGTTTCTCTGCTTAACGCCATTCGTGGCAACGCCAAAATCGGCATCATCACCAACGGCTTTAGTGCCTTGCAACAGGTGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 791508_791589
GGAACAGATCCTCACCGATCTGCAAAAAGCCCAGCCGGACTGGAGCATTGCCCTGCTGCGCTACTTCAACCCGGTTGGCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1520555_1520636
TCTGGCTGTTGAAAACCTCACCCCGCAAGACCTTGCGGAACTCCAGGAATTGCTCGAGAAATTACAGCAGGCGCAAGAAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4458596_4458677
TGAGCGATCTGCAAACGCCAGAGTGGGTTGGGGCCGACTGTGCTCGCCGTACTTTATCGCGTCTGTCACCGCGTAAACTCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2851398_2851479
CGTGCGCAGTTATTGAAGGCGACCAGCAAACCGTGAACGATGCCGCACGCATTCGCGCTACCGGCACACCAGCGATTCAGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2297293_2297374
TGACGGCGTTAGAAAATCTGCACTTTTATCATCGCGATGGCGATACCGCACAATGTCTGGAAGCCCTGGCGCAGGCCGGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 42749_42830
TCCTCTGTGGCGATGGTTCTTCCGACCTTTATGCCCAGCAGGTTGGTCTGCTGGTGGGCGAAATCCTCAATATTCCGGCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3720901_3720982
TGTGATCGAGCAGCACATGTCCCTTAATCAGGCTGCTGCTCACTTTATGCTTGCTGGTAGTGGTTCTGTAGCCAGGTGGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3203681_3203762
ATGCGCTGGTCGTTGGCGGTTTGTTGCTGATTGCCGCCGAATGCCTGAAGCCGAAAGAGCCGCGTGCGCCGGGTCTTGATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3824820_3824901
TGTCGATTTCCGCGAAATTGATTACACTCGCCCGACCTGCATTTTGATGGGACAGGAGAAAACGGGCATCACGCAGGAAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 462811_462892
CAAAGAAAAATCTGCCGATATTATCTCTGCTCGTAACGGCGGCGATATGGGTTGGTTAGAAGATGCCACTATCCCGGACGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2530701_2530782
GCCTGTGCATTCAGCACCGCAACCGGCACAACAGGCTTTCCAGCCTGCAGAACCCGTAGCGGCACCACAGCCTGAGCCTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 957069_957150
ATCTTCTGGAAGGCAAGCCAGTTGTCATTATTGAAGATGGCGAGCTGGCCTGGTCGAAACTCAATAACTCCAACATGACGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2564888_2564969
GCTTGAGGCGGCACTAGCAAATAAACAAGTCCCAGCAGAAGCGGAAGAGATGGGAGGTGAAAAAGTGGAAGAAGTGGCAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 784313_784394
ACGGCAGCGAAGAGAAAAACCTCAACGTACGAGCAGCGGCACTGCATGTGCTCGGGGACCTGCTGGGTTCGGTTGGGGCTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2607668_2607749
GTCCGGTCAGCGCCCTGCTCTCCGCCGTATTGCTGAACTGCGCGCTGTTGGTGCTGATTCGCTATTACATCATTATTTGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2580598_2580679
AGAAGAGTTTACCCGACGGATGAGCGGTGGTTTACCGAAGGACTGGGAGAAAACGACTCAGAAATATATCAATGAGTTACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1774183_1774264
CCGGTGGTGCCTCAACGGCAATTGGCGCGCAGGGGGCAATTGAAGGTTTAAAAGAAATTAAACTCTTTAACCGTCGGGATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2999474_2999555
TACCGAAATCATCCTGGCCGCCAGTAGGGCAACGTTGTTGGTTATGGCCAACGACAGGGAAAGTTATCATGCCGTATTCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 903331_903412
CCGTGTACTGGGGTTGAGTAAAGATCAGGCGCTGGCCCGTGCAGAAAAACTGCTGGAACGTCTGCGTCTCAAACCTTATAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3163073_3163154
TAACCGGCAACTTATTGATCGACAGAAACAATCGCACTAAAGCTCACGGCACCATTGCGGAAGTAGTGAATCACTTCAAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3294379_3294460
CCGGTGAACAGCCTGCAGCCCAGCCGGTGCCTGTAAGCGCCCCGGCGACAAGCACCGCAGCGGTAAGCGCACCCGCAAATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 112870_112951
GCTGATTCAGCAAGAGACGCAACACCAGATCCAGCAAGCTACTTCCCCCTATGTACTGTGGGTTGTGCCATTGCTGGTAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1966676_1966757
GGATGACTGGTTTGCCGATCCGATTGACCTTGCCGACGCCCGTGAACTGGTAACAGATACACGACAATTTCTGGCAGATGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3638352_3638433
TATGTTGGTATTGATTGGCGTCGCGCCAGCAGGCTTCGTGGTGAACATGAATGCCACTGGCTACGAAATCACCCGTACCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3205751_3205832
TATTGATCTGGATATTCGTATTAATGACGAAATTCCTGATTATTATATTGCGCATCTTTTGACAAAAAATAAAAGAATATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2458048_2458129
CATAAATCATGCGCTGAAGTACAGTTGGGATCAGCTGGAGGGCAAAGTTCGCCGTCGTCATCTCAAAGCCAGCGAACGTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4044875_4044956
AAAGCGAGTCGAAATTTAATCAGATTAACATTATCAATCACGGGGAAGACGTTGCCCAAATCGATGCTTTCGTTGCAAAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3988436_3988517
TTACCGATGATATCGCCAGCCTTTCTGCAGTATCGCAGGTGGATTATGACGGCATCATCCTTAAGCTTAATCAGCTTTCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 80125_80206
CAATATGGCAATCGAAATGGGCGCAAAAGCCGGTCTGGTTGCACCGGACGAAACCACCTTTAACTATGTCAAAGGCCGTCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 837511_837592
GTCGGCAAACAGACAGGGAAATACTTGTGCTGGACGTAGCGTAAACGCCTGATCCGTCCAACGGTTCGGATTTTGTAGGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2139583_2139664
GAGATTGAGCCACCCTGGCACGTTCACCGGCTTGAGCGTTCCATAGTAGCGAGGAACATCAAGTGAACGGAACAGCCTTCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2152052_2152133
TTCTGGGACTGATTTCATCGCCTGACGGCACCTTGATTATGCAGATTGGCGATGGCGGCGTGGTGGTAGATTTGGGTCACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2675191_2675272
ATGAAGGAATTTTGCGCGGCGAAGTTTCCGGCAGTGATAACGTGCTGGTGGTCGGTCTGGGGCCAGTCGGCATGATGGCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4597042_4597123
GCGTCCGGGGAAGTGTTGGGCGCTGTTTTTTTTGTTTCTTAATAATGTGTTGTAAGCCGTAGAAGGCGTGTAGGTCGCACC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1099878_1099959
GCGCATGGGTTGAGGGCGCGACGGAAGCGGAAGTGCGCGCTTTTCTTTCTGAGCGAGGGATGCCATTAGCGGATACGCCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4433555_4433636
CGTTTACACCCTGCTGCGCAACGGCTGGTACAGCGAAAACTACCTCGCCAGCGCCCCGGCAGCACTGGAACACGGCGTATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1536922_1537003
TGCCCGATTATCTACCGCTGTATCTGGAGTATTTAAGCGTACTGCCTGACGATCAGGCGAAAGAAGGATTGCTCAATGTTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4162681_4162762
ACGTCTGCCGGTCGCAGGGAAAGAGATGATCTACCGTCAGGTAGAAAACAGCTTTACCCAGCCGAACGCGGCGATGAATAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4529547_4529628
ATGCTCAGGAGATCCAGAAACGCTACGGCATGGTCGGCGATCCGGTGATTATCGGCGTAGTGCTCGGTCTGATTTTTGGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2609281_2609362
GGTGCCGCAACGAGCACATACTATTCGCTCGATTCTGCTGGAAGTCGAACGGCTACACAGTCATTTGCTTAACCTTGGCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3045490_3045571
ACGTGACGGGATATTTTCTCTGCTGCCGCGAGGCGGTAAAACGCATGGCGCTTAAAAATGGTGGCAGTGGCGGCGCTATCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 405200_405281
CTCCCGCACTGGTTAATGCCGGGATGACCTCCGTAACGCCAAACGCGCTGGTAACCCCAGAAGATACCGCTGATGTGCTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1777732_1777813
AGCCTTCACCCTGTGGTGGGTCGACTCCAGTAAGCCCGGCATTAAGATTAACCCGCTGCATAAAATCGGCTGGCATATGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2159885_2159966
ACTGCGTGGTTTTGGTCGCATGTTGGTAGCCCTGCAACAAGGCTACGGCAAGTCACTAAAATGGGTGCTCAATCATACCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1788919_1789000
GCGCACGTACTACCGAAAGTCAGATCCACCGCGAAATGGCTTCGGCACTCTCCTGTCCGGTAGGTTTTAAAAATGGTACCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1180834_1180915
GGACGATAAACATCTCGGCCTTCTGATAGAAAATCACACGCTGGCTTATTTAAATGCAGATCTCTGGTATCAGGGAATCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 315981_316062
GGGCAGGAGACATCACGTACTTACGTACAGATGAAGGCTGGCTGTATCTGGCAGTGGTCATTGACCTGTGGTCACGTGCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4420639_4420720
CAAATTGCCGGGCTGGCTGAACATTTTCCACGACAACATCGTCTCCACGGCGATTGTGATGACCATCTTCTTTGGTGCCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1514262_1514343
GTTATTGCTGGCAAAAGATGGCGTGGCTCAGTGGTTTTTACAACATCTTGGGCTGGAACCACTGCTGACTGCGTTCCTTAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1264303_1264384
TGGCGCGTCATCTGCGCGAACACAAAGTACAGAAGATGATTATCGCCAACCGCACTCGCGAACGTGCCCAAATTCTGGCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2310967_2311048
TCATCAATCAGTCGCATCAGCAATATCTGCAAAAAGACCTGCCGGATTTATATGTCGATCTCTCCACCGTCGGCGAAGGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2295912_2295993
CCGGCTCTGCATGGGGAAAACCGATGTGGGGCACCTGGTGGGTATGGGATGCACGTCTGACTTCTGAACTGGTGCTGCTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2061435_2061516
ACCAACTCGATATGGCGGTGATTTATGAGCATTCCCCTGTGGCTGGTGTATCCAGTCAGGCTTTGCTGAAAGAAGATCTTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3490508_3490589
GTCATCAGGCAATGGCGCAGGCATTTGGCGGTAAAGTTGTGCGCGCCGCAAAGGTCATGCACGGCAAAACCTCGCCGATTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3156997_3157078
ATTGCAAAAAGAGGGATTAATCAAAAGCATCGGCGTGTGCAACTTCCAGATCCATCACCTGCAACGCCTGATTGATGAAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 699911_699992
TTTCGTGATTGTTGGCGAAACGCGTTCCTACAACTGGGACATGATGCATAAAGCAGCCTATTTCGTCGCTAACGGTGCACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1193181_1193262
CGAACTGGAAAAACCGCAGGTGCGTAAGATTGCTGAAGATCTTGGTCTGGTCACCGCGAAGAAAAAAGACTCTACCGGCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2719533_2719614
ATCAGCCAATGGTGGTCTTTCCCGCTTCGTATGCTGATGAGCAACGGGAAGTGATCTTCACACCACCTGCCGGTAAGCCAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4282390_4282471
TATTCTCGATGACTCAAATTTCGCTCAGATAAAAATGACTGACGGAACTCTAAATTCATGTTCCGCTATGCATGTTCAATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2917890_2917971
CGGATGCGGCGTTAACGCCTTATCCGGCCTACAAAACCAATTAAATTCAATGAATTAAAAAATGATGTAGACCTGATACAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4179192_4179273
AGAAAGGCGAAATGAACTTTGACGTTGTTATTGCTTCTCCGGATGCAATGCGCGTTGTTGGCCAGCTGGGCCAGGTTCTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 392295_392376
TTACCCCTTTAACGTAAAAACCGTGGCGGCAAGCCTGCGCCGTCAGGGACTGAGGGCAAAGGCCTCCCGGAAGTTCAGCCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1233907_1233988
CGGTGACCGTTCCGGTTCTGATTTGTGGCCTGTTAACCTGCCTGCTGGTAGAGAAGCTGCGTTGGTTTGGCTACGGTGAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 345962_346043
GGTTTGCGTGGTGCAGCATGCGCCGCCAGTCAACACCGCAAATGAGCACACTACAACAACCGATTAGCGCCCCCTGGTATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1153665_1153746
GTTGGCGCTAAGCCCGGTGCGGCTGGGGCGCAATCCTCATCTTGCAGGTATTAAACATCTCAATCGTCTTGAGCAAGTATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1382360_1382441
CTGGGATGTGAAACTGACTGACGATTTACGTTTCAACGGTTGGTTGTCGATGTATAAATTTGCCAACGATCTGAACACTAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 179956_180037
AGCCTATATTGCCCGGTTGCGTAAAGAACTTAATTTGGCGCTTTACAGTCGTTTTCCATTAACGTGGATTATGGAAGCTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2630556_2630637
GGCAAATAAGAAAGCTCGTCAGGATAAACTGGACGCCGAAGCCTCTGCGGACAAAAAACGCGATCAAAGTTATGAAGATGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2318412_2318493
CAGCGGAACAGGCGAGCCAGTCAAAATCGATGTTCCTTGCCACCGTCAGTCATGAGCTGCGAACGCCGCTGTATGGCATTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4296076_4296157
TGCCGCGTCTTATCAGGCCTACGCCAGACAGCGCAATAGCCTGATTTAGCGTGATTTTGTAGGTCGGATAAGGCGTTTATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1915146_1915227
TGAAGAAGCGAAAGCGCGTGTTCAGGCACAGCGTGCTGAACAGCAAGCGAAAAAACGCGAAGCTGCCGCAACTGCTGGTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1210723_1210804
AAATGTTCCAGGTATTTATAGTGACAGTTTTTGGGCGTCTATAATACGTGGAGAACTATCAGAGCTTTCACAGCCTACAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 135146_135227
CCCGGAAAGTCATCCTGAAGGCGGTTTATGTACCTTCCGCGCCGATATTGAAGTCTCTACCTGCGGCGTGATTTCTCCGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3995135_3995216
CTTCCGCCGTGCCGTTTCGCGCTAACAAAGCGGAAAAGACCTATATTATGCGCGCCGCCGAGCAGACAATCTTATGCGGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 475626_475707
AAGTGCTGGCGCAGAAAGCGGTGCGTACTGAAGGTAAACAGTCACCATTCAGCTTTGTTCTGTCATTTAACCCGGCAGATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2988867_2988948
ACACAATGCCCCACCTGCCATAAAAGTTAATGCGGGATACAAAGAGAGCATTGGTGGCGCAAAGAATTTCAATAACAAAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3251478_3251559
TCATCCGCATGTTCAATACCGCGTTTGATGCGCTGGGCGCGAAAGCGGGTGATTACTACCCTCCAGCCCTGCAAACAAAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4542296_4542377
CCCAGGAACGTGCTAACTGGAAAGGCGCTGACCGGACTGACGCTATATTTATTTCTCGCCGCGGGAGTCGGCTTTCTCGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 975935_976016
GCCCGGAACGGCTGGCGAATGAGGGGATTTTCACCCAGCAGGAACTGTACGACGAACTGCTCACCCTGGCCGATGAAGCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3849346_3849427
GAACGCCATCGCGCTGATCGCCAGTCAAACCTGGCGCGATCATCCGGTGGATTTATTGCTCTCGCTGCTGGTGCAAAGTCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2113841_2113922
ACGATGCCAGCGCCGACCCGCTACGTTACAACCTTGCTGCCATGATTGCACGTTTCAACGAAACGGGCCGCAGCCAGGTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4243032_4243113
TTCACTGGTCGCGTTGTATGCGTTGTTTGATCGTCTGGGTGAGTACATTCCATTCATTGGCCTGAATACTCACGGCGGCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2780397_2780478
CAGGGCGACGCGGGTCACAGGAACACGCGCGGATGGCGTCGCGTTCAGCATCGAGCAGGGTGCGGCGAACAATATCCTGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1983008_1983089
CGGTAAAGCGGTCGGTATCGAAGATGAAAGCTTCTTTGCCCTTGGTTACGCCAACTGGTTCGGTCTGCCTGCGCCAATCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1607686_1607767
CTCATCTGGTTTCTTTACTTAATCCGCAGGGCGTGCTGGCAGTACAGATGCCAGATAACTGGCTGGAGCCGACCCATGTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1091038_1091119
CGCCTACGAGCATCCCGAATGATACCTGGTTACAGGGGCATTCGTTTCTCTCAACCGTAGCAAAATATAGTAATGATCTTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2984962_2985043
AAAAAGCGCGAGCGGCGATTGACGCCGGACGATTTAAAGATGAGATCGTCCCGGTAATGACCCAAAGTAACGGGCAGACGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 159610_159691
GCGTATCCGCCAGCAGCATCCGGTCACGCAATTTACTGACCAGCTGCGCGGCATTATTCACGCCGACGAAAAACTGGCACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1012588_1012669
ATGGGACGACATCGCCCCGATGCCAGAACTGCGCCAGCCGCTAAAACCAGGCGTCACGGGGATACGTCAGGGGCTGCGTTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1488912_1488993
GACAGGCAGCGTCTCTGCAGGTGAGAAGATCATGGCGACTGCGGCGAAAAACATCACCAAAGTGTGTCTGGAATTGGGGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1314932_1315013
AGATTCCATGAGTAAAATGGCTGCGCTTGGGCAGTCAATCGGTGGTATATTCCCTTCTGATGAAATAGTCAAAGGCTCTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2350434_2350515
CGGTATTTATCCAGAAATCAAAGCGCCGTGGTTCCATCATCAGGAAGGGAAGGATATTGCGGCAAAAACGCTGGAAGTGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 644561_644642
ATCGCCGGAAACCGGATTATCACTGGAAACGGCCGCTAAACTAAGTGAAGTCATGCCAGGAGCTGGCGGACGTTCCTGCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2129238_2129319
TAACGTGATGATCACCGGCGATGCGCTGCTGGATTTTGGCGACGGGCATAAAATTAAACGTAGCGCCAAACCGGGCTGGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1558485_1558566
GCGCTATCCGTTTGAGCTTTCAGGTGGTATGCGCCAGCGGGTAATGATTGCGCTGGCATTCTCCTGCGAGCCGCAATTGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2573864_2573945
CGCTGGCAGTGTGGCTGCAAATTGAACTGGCGGAACCGTGGCAGCCGTGGCTGGCGGATATCCGTTCGCGTCTTGGCAACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2703684_2703765
ACTTAAAAGCGGTGGATTTCGTCGTGAGTCAATTCTCGCCGACACCGTCGAAGCATTAATTGGTGGCGTATTCCTCGACAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3158074_3158155
GCAATCATGGCAGCGTCTTACAAGCAGTTAATAGCGAGAATGAAAAAACGCTGGCCGCTTTAGCTTCGTTGCAAAAAGAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2028868_2028949
AAAAGGACAAAATAAAAGGGGCGATTCGTACCGATTTTATATTGTCTGCGGAAATCGTCGCCATCACGCTGGGGATTGTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 10172_10253
GATTCTGCTGATGCCGAAACTGGGTCTGACCGATGCGCCAAATGCACAGTTCCTTGGTGTCTACCTGGGTCTGTGGGGCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1588005_1588086
CTTTGTCATTAACCGATTGTCCGGTTGAAACAAGTGCAGTGACGGCAATCGTGACAGGTTCAACTGACAATACGGGTTATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1800328_1800409
GAGCAAGTCTTCTAAGGAACAGAAGAAAAAGCAAAAAGTTATCCAGGTTAAGGAAATTAAATTCCGTCCTGGTACAGATGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3055116_3055197
CTTCCTTTTTCAGCTTTATCTGCCTGATGGCGATGATGTCAGCGTTTTCGATCGGGCTGATGCATTGGCAGGTTGGGTCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3351818_3351899
AGGATTGCGCTTTAACCTGGAGCCGACGCTGCCATTACCGCATCAGGTCATTACCGACGGGACGCGTTTACGGCAGATCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2868144_2868225
ATGCCATTACCCAGGCCGACGCAGCAGAGCAAGGAGTTGTGATCAAGCCTGCACAAAATTCCACCGTTGCTGTTGCGTCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2567455_2567536
TTTCGCCCTGATCCTGATGAACATGATCCCGGTGATCATTGTTGCGATTCTGGTGGCGCTGGGGCTGAAATTCATCCCGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1324369_1324450
ACAACACGCCGGGCAACTATACCTTCATCCTGAAGGGGACGAAGGAAGTGCCACGCCGTCTGTTGCAGGAAAAACGCAAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 406628_406709
TCGCTACAGGCGGCGGCATTATTCTGACGGAATTTAATCGTCACTTCATGCAAAATAACGGGATCGTGGTTTATTTGTGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3080600_3080681
CGCAGGAAGCCGCTGAATTTACCCGCCGTATGAAAGGCGAAATGCCGTCTGACTTCGACGCTAAAGCGAAAGAGTTCATCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3617358_3617439
ACGCTACGCTTACCGCTGCCATAGAAGCGGTGGGGCTGGAAAACGCCGCGCGCGTGCTGAAGCTGTACCCGTTCGAGATGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1375450_1375531
TGGTAGGGCTTGGCGCAATCGGTCAAATTGCCATCCAACTGGCTAAACGCGCTGGCGCTTCTGTGGTGATTGGCGTCGATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4310175_4310256
AGGCCGCGAACTGCAAAACCGTTTTAACGCGATGAAGGAGAATGTCAGCAACCTTGCGCACGAAACGGTTTTTGAGGTGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4103510_4103591
GGCCTGATAAGACGCTATCAGCGTCGCATCAGGCATCCTGCTCAAATGCCGGATGCGGCGTAAACGCCTTATCCTGCCTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3515456_3515537
TCTGCGCGGTGAGTTTAACGTGCCGTTCGGCCGCTACAAAAAACCCTATTTCCCGGAAGCAGAGTTGTATCACTTCGCTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1155405_1155486
CTGGGTGATTGGCGATCGCCACGATCTCTCCACTCAGGCGTATCAGGGCGGCGGACGTGGTATTGACCAACATATGCTGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1881308_1881389
GTGTCGATCTCGATATTCGCATTGGCGATGACATCGCCCCTAATTTAATCGCCCGCAAACTGGCGACCAATTACCGTATTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1305221_1305302
GGAAGCGCGTAAACGCATGAAAATGTACCCGCACGAATTTTCTGGCGGCATGCGTCAGCGAGTCATGATTGCGATGGCCTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1207166_1207247
AACGGCTGGATGCGAAGGTTAACCTGGCGGGCGGCATCAACGAGGATTTTTATCTTGCACAGCTTGCTGCCCTGGGCAGAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3423269_3423350
ATGGCGGGCGTCCTGCCCGCCACCCTCCGGGCCGTTGCTTCGCAACGTTCAAATCCGCTCCCGGCGGATTTGTCCTACTCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3187924_3188005
TGATCGTACTGGTAATCAGTACGCAGGCGCCAGGCCCCAAGATTAACCCCAGCCTGCCCATAGGAACTTATATTTTGCGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 5567_5648
CTGATGCGACGCTGGCGCGTCTTATCAGGCCTACGTTAATTCTGCAATATATTGAATCTGCATGCTTTTGTAGGCAGGATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3175676_3175757
TGCCCGCAGTGGTGGTAAACCCGGCGGTGCGCCCGTTTGAACTGCTGACGGACTATCTCGGTCAGAACGAGAACCCCTACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2134532_2134613
ACGTCAGGCGCTGGAAGACGAAAAAGCCAAACTTAACGGTCGCGTAACGGCGATGCCGAAAACCCAGCAGGAGATTGTCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1859500_1859581
AAGCCGAGAAAGTCATGCGGAGTATAGAAGAAGGCGTCATACGCCAGACGGGTAAACCTTTGCCGCCTGTGGTTATTGCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2444438_2444519
CTACTGGTATTGCCCGGACGGACGCGATGCCCAAACGCAAAGCCAGTTTGAAGATGTTGAAGTGAAGCCGCAGGCGCTCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3050081_3050162
AGGGATGAAACCGTTCTTTGGCGTGCAGGCGGGCGATCTGTTTATTGCCACCACTGGTTATACCGGTGAAGCGGGCTATGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3657737_3657818
AAATTAGCCATTTCAAACATTATCATGGCTGATATTTTCCGTAGTCAGGTTTAATGTTTTAAAAGTGCTGTGGGAAAGTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4075813_4075894
GGAAGTGATCGCCATCATGCATAAACTGCGTGAGCAGGGGCATCGCGTGGTGGTGCTTTCCAATACCAACCGCCTGCATAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4634081_4634162
TCTGACCGAAGAAGAAGAGAACTGGCGTCGGCAGCTGGTCAATGGCACCGTTGACGGGCGTATTCCTGAAGGCGAGTCAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3397021_3397102
GCGTTGACTCACGCCTGACTTACGAAGCGTTACTTGAGTTCACCTCGGAGTACATTCCCGAGATGACAAGCAAGCTGGAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3033300_3033381
CAGTGATCCGCCGTTGCCGTTATGAGCTTGGCGTGGAAATTACGCCTCCTGAATCTATCTATCCTGACTTTCGCTACCGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 247047_247128
CGACCATCTGCATAACATTACCGAAGTGGCGATTCACCGCCTGGAGCAGCAGCTTGGCAAGCCTTACGTCTGGGGCGGTAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4303554_4303635
CGGCGCAGCGCGCCGCAGAAGCGGATCTTAATGCCGTATTGTTACAGGCGCAGTCAGCCGCCAGCGCCGTCAGCGGCGTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4401273_4401354
CGCTGGTGGGATATACCAACGCCGGTAAATCTACCCTTTTCAATCGCATCACCGAAGCGCGGGTCTACGCGGCAGACCAGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 9560_9641
CGATGCGACGCTGGCAGTAGCGGACCGCGAGATGCCTGGCTTTGGTGAACAGATGCGCCAGATCAGCCTGCATTTTGTACC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 383298_383379
CAGCGGTGCCTGCGGGATGTTCCGTACTGATGTATTGCGTAAGTTCGGTTTCTCGGATCGTACTAAAGTCGAAGACCTTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1058631_1058712
ATATGAGTAGCGGCTTCCGTAAGCAGTTCGATGAGCTGCGCGCCAGTGCTAATGACAGTGGTGACACGCTGTACTCTATTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2257859_2257940
CTTCGATATTTCTGCCGATTTGCAAGAACTGGCAAATACTAATGTCACCGTTGTTTGTGCCGGGGCGAAATCTATTCTCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2998221_2998302
TGGAATTCCCGTGCAAATGAATGCTGTGCATATCCGATTTGACAGCAACTCCCCCGTGATGGCAGATGTGCAGGAAGAAGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1165375_1165456
GTTTTCTTTGCGACATCCGCCAGGTGATCTTCAACCCTAATTTGTTCCCTTATGAGAACATGGAAGGCAAGATTGATCGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1736001_1736082
ATCAGGCCTACGCGGATCATCGATGTAGGTCGGATAAGGCACTCGCCGCATCCGGCAAGATAAATCGCACGTTGTCAGCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 694204_694285
GGTTGCTGCGATCGACGGGATCGATCGTATTCGCTTTACCACCAGCCATCCGATCGAATTCACCGACGATATCATCGAAGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 374335_374416
AGGCTACGGTGCGACCTGTATTTATGTGGTGGATTCTGGCGGTGCGATGAACATGAGCGATATCCGTGACCGTTTCCGCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1867836_1867917
CTTTCCGTAATAACAAAAACAACGAAGCCTTCCTCGATCGTGTTTACATCGTGAAGGTGCCGTATTGCTTGCGCATTTCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 817499_817580
TGAGGCCGGTTTTGAGAAGGTCAAAGTCAATACCGTGCTGATGCGTGATGTTAATCATCACCAGCTCGACACCTTTCTGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 542421_542502
ATGCGATCCGCGTCTGGCGAATTGCCATATTGAAGTAGCATGTGACGTTGATAACCCGCTGGTAGGGGCACGCGGCGCGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3706862_3706943
CGAAATTGCAGAAGAATGAATGCCAGGTGATGCCGTACCCGAACCCGGCAGATATCGCTCGCATGAAGCAGGATAAATCCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2131422_2131503
TGGGCTGTCAGTTTATTTCCCCCAGCCAGCATGTGGCTGACGCTTTCAATAGCCTGTACGGTCCAGGGCGTTGCCGGATTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1848361_1848442
CCCGTAATGCGCCGTTCCGCGCACCGCTCATCATCACGGTGGTGGCGAAATGCGAAGAGAATCATAAAGTCCCGCGCTGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3818133_3818214
AGCAACTTCGTGAAGACGAAAAGCGTCTGTTTCTGAGAAATGAGTTGAAAGAACATAACAAACAATTGGTTGAGGCAGCAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 739216_739297
CAACCAGTACCGCCAACGCGTAGTTGTTTTGCTTTCTCACCCCGCCAACCCGCGCGATCACACCAATGTTTTGATGCACGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1931431_1931512
GCGGTCGCGCCGGAGCGGGCCGCGTAATTGTTGAAGGCGTCGTTAAGTTTGACTTCGAAATTACCCTGCTAACCGTCAGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 217877_217958
GATTGAGAAAACGGTTAAGACTCTGCTGGTTAAAGCGGTTGAAGGCAGCAGCTTCCCGCAGGTTGCGCTGCTGGTGCGCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2320917_2320998
AAGTTATCACTGGCTATCAACGCCATGAACTGGTAGGGCAGCCTTACTCCATGTTGTTCGACAATACTCAGTTCTACAGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3951343_3951424
GAGTGTGACCTGCTGATCGCCGTGGGCGCACGTTTTGATGACCGGGTGACCGGCAAACTGAACACCTTCGCGCCACACGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1246488_1246569
GGGACGATCGCGATACGCCACGACCAGAGTCATGGGTGGAAGATATTGCCACCGCCAAAAGCAATCCGAATCGACCTGCCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3938684_3938765
ACAGCGATCTTATTCAGGATAACTCGTTGCTGGGCGGAGACTTAGCAACGCAATATCTGATCGATAAAGGTCATACCCGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 886696_886777
GGCAATCCCTGACGGTACGGGCAAAAATGCTGCCGATGGCACCCAGCATGGCGAAAAAGGCGTACCTTTTTATCGCGATAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3701159_3701240
TTTCCGCGATGTCTTGCTTACCATTCCATTTTGCTTCTTTTCTGCAGTATTTATTCAGGTACTTAACCCAATGAATATTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 690073_690154
TAATACGCTGAAGATTTACTACAACGCAACGGCACCGCTGATGGGCAAATCATCGTTGATTATCTGGCCGGAGTCGGCGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2747075_2747156
CGGTTGAAACCCTGTTTGTGGTTGACGCCATGACCGGTCAGGATGCGGCCAATACGGCAAAAGCATTCAATGAAGCGTTAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2845577_2845658
GCGCCATTCTGCTGGAGGTAGAACGCTTGCACTCGCATCTGCTCAACCTTGGCCTGGCCTGTCACTTTACCGGCTTCGACT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1754125_1754206
CCGTATCAAAATCCATCGCAATTATTTCTTTGGCGACAACGGGGTTGGCTCTGGCGGCGGCCTGTATGGCGATCTCAACTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2390737_2390818
TATACCAGGGCGCGCCTGCGCCGGTTTCCACTTTCCTGGCGACGGCGAGCAAAATCGCTATCTTCGGTGTGGTGATGCGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2057177_2057258
TTGCTAACGTTCGCACAATTTTCAATAAAAAAGGCGGCAATATCGGAGCGGCAGGTTCTGTCAGCTATATGTTTGACAATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3331129_3331210
TAAACCGAAAGTGGCGGATTATCCGTTTACCACTCTGGTGCCAAGTCTGGGTGTGGTACGAATGGACAACGAAAAGAGCTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4428359_4428440
GGCTCCGGTCGCTCCAGAACCTATACAGGAAGGCCAGCCAGAAGAGCAGCCGCAAACTACCCAAACGCAACCATTCCAGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4011486_4011567
CTGGACTGGCTTGCTGCTGGTGCAACTCTCCAATATCACTTTTGCCATTGGCATGGTGGGTTACAAACGCCTGATGGAAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4566567_4566648
TAAATCGCGCAAGTTTATCGCCCAGCAAATTGTTCGCTGGCTGGAGAGCGAGCATCCACTGAAAGCCAAAATTCTCCCCAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2291845_2291926
CGTCAGCTACTACCAGACTGGCAATTATCAGCAGGTGAAAATCTGGCAGCAGGCCACGGCACAGGCTCCGGCGTTGCTGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 896571_896652
GTTTCTGATCCGCGTTTATGCCTGGATGGGAATATTAAAAAACAACGGTGTGCTGAATAATTTTCTGCTGTGGCTGGGGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 15962_16043
TCGGTTCGCGTCCCGAATGTATCCGCTCACTTGCTTTTGGAGAAGCTGATTATATCGTCCGGGTTCACTGGCGAGGATTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3565318_3565399
CCTTGCAGGAACAGTATCCGAACGATACCGATCTGCTGGGACGGGCGTCGATCATTGATGAATCCAACGGTCGTCGTGTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2301471_2301552
TTGCGGTCCGTTCTCCCTGACCGGGCAACCTTCTGCGTGTGGTACTGCGCGTGAAGTGGGCACCTTTGCTCACCGTCTGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3987245_3987326
TCCGGAAGTATTACGTCTGGCGGAACAGGCGTATATCCGCACAGGTGCATGGAGTTCGCTGCTGGATATTATCCCATCAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1384776_1384857
AGATATGGCAGGTGCGCCCGCGCTGCAATTCTTCCCGTGGCCGGATGTCGATACCTGGGGCGAGTCCAAACTGGCGCAGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1687515_1687596
TGAGCACGGTCAGGCGTTCCGCGATGTGGAACTGGAAAAAGAATTGCTGATCGAAGCGCAAAATCTTGGTCTGGGTGCGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 366930_367011
GCGACTGGGCGTGGAGCATCTGGTCGCATTGGGTCACCAGCAAATCGCGCTGTTAGCGGGCCCATTAAGTTCTGTCTCGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1275465_1275546
GGTCACCGCACTGAAACGCGGCGCGGATGGCTATCTGTTAAAAGATATGGAACCGGAAGATCTGCTGAAAGCATTGCATCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3704271_3704352
GGTCGATATCATGCTGGCGCTGCCAAGTCTGCTGCTGGCGCTGGTGCTGGTGGCAATTTTCGGCCCGTCGATTGGTAACGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 373357_373438
TGGCGCGTGTTCATTACGCCGAAATTATCGCTTCTATCGCCAGTAAATCTGCCGGACCTGGCACGCGTGCCAATATCGATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3703317_3703398
CGCATCAGCTTTCCGGCGGCATGAGCCAGCGCGTGATGATCGCCATGGCGATTGCCTGTCGGCCAAAACTGCTGATTGCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1125815_1125896
AAAAAGAGATTATTGGCGTTGCCAATTTTTCCAATGTTGTTCGTGGCTCTTTTCATGCCTGCTATCTCGGTTATTCGATTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3504820_3504901
GCGATGCTGGCGCGTTGAATTTTACATCCCGTACGTTCCCCTCACCCTAACCCTCTCCCCAAAGGGGCGAGGGGACCGTTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1987137_1987218
AGCCATTGATGTTCCCGGTGAAAAACTGAACTCTCTGGAAGAACTGTTCCAAAAAACGATGGAAGAATACGAGCAACGTTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1747894_1747975
CTATTCCCTACGAGCCCTTACACATCGTCACCGATCAGGCATTAAATGCTGAGATTCAAAAAGGCGAAGAGGGCCTTTTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1269507_1269588
TTGCAATGAAGAGTGCATTCCGGTTTTTCAACAGCTGTTACAGTCATTTCATGAGTGCTCTGGATGAGGCTTCCAGCTCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 502361_502442
GAGTCACCGTGCCGCCCACGATACGCTGCCATTGCGCGACGCGTTTGCGGTGCTGTTTTTTGTCTCCGTCGGGATGTTGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2594812_2594893
GATGCCCGCTGGAAAAAATGGTCAGCGAGGCACTGGTTTTTGACGATGAAAACTTCACCCATACACCACAAGGCAATATTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3675408_3675489
TGGTCATTATCGGCCTGTATGTTCGCGTGTCGCTGCATGAGTCGCCGGTGTTTGAGAAAGTCGCTAAAGCGAAAAAACAGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3609510_3609591
CGGCGCACTCGCCCACTTCAACCTGTTTGTCGCCCGTATCGCCACCGCCAGTTTCATGGCCTACGCGCTGGGGCAAATCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3841105_3841186
GCTGTGTATTTTCTGGATTATCAAATCATTGCCTTCACTGCCAGGCGAACCCTCGCATCAGAAACAAAATACTTTCCGCTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3340724_3340805
TGAACGTCAGGGGACTGACAGCCTGACCAGAGAGCAGCTTGCAGAGCTGCCGCGTGACGGCGGATTGCCCGTCGCGTTTTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1352192_1352273
GGAACCGGAACAGCGTCGCAAACAGATTATTGAAACGATGCGTATGGTTGGGCTGCTACCGGATCACGTCAGTTACTATCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 278240_278321
TGAGCCGTTGAGTAACCTCGACGCCAACCTGCGTCGCAGCATGCGCGACAAGATCCGCGAGTTGCAAAAGCAGTTTGATAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3082253_3082334
GGCTGATGGATATGATGACGGATAACGAAGTCGAAGCGGTGATCGGTCACGAAATGGGGCACGTGGCGTTAGGCCATGTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 772203_772284
AGAAAACCAAACTGGCTGCTATTGAAGCCGAGTGGGAAACGCAACCTGCGCCTGCTGCCTTTACTCTGTTCGGCATTCCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4393458_4393539
TGCTGGTCGATATTCCGCTGCCCGTGGATCAACCAGTCGAGGAAGGATGCGGCAAATGCGTGGCCTGTATGACGATTTGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4521306_4521387
CCTCTCTCGGCGCGACCCGCCGATTCAGCGAAAGCGAAATGCCAGGCTTTGGGATCAGTTTTCTCACGGCAATGCTGCCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1998106_1998187
CACTGCCGCCTATGCTGCCGAAACGCTGCGCGCCGCCATTTCTTCTATTGATAAAGGTCAGTGGGAAGCGGCAGCCAGTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1794623_1794704
TGCATTAGGGATTATCTGTAGCGCACTAATGACGTGGGCTATCTACTTTTCCACCTCAGTTGATTTGCGTCAGCTGATGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2977075_2977156
CGATCGTTACGGTGCCTGGCTGGCAACGCGTCATTTAATTCAGCAAGGTCATACCCGCATTGGTTATCTGTGCTCTAACCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 376025_376106
GCCGGAGTCGGCGGTTTTCGCTGGCGAAAAACAGTCTGCGCCACCACTGCGTGCCTTATTTGCGCCAGAAACGGCAACCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3241429_3241510
TTATTGTGCTGACTGGCGGAATTGGCCTCGCGAAGTTCCATCATCCTGTCGAACTATTGCCGGTTATCGGCACGATTGTCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4473657_4473738
ATATTCATGCTCCTTATCATGCCTCTGTTGAAGCCGCCCGGCAGATGCCCGAAGGCGGGCGCATCTTAATCATCGGCTCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1623366_1623447
GGGATTGCCGGGTCGTCGGGTTCTTGATGAATCCTTTGATCATCAGTTACGCAACGCTGAGCCTCTGAATCTTTATTTAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1713481_1713562
TGCTGCACAATCAGGAAGTTGCGCGTATGGCGCTGGGCGTTGTTGCCTTCGGTATCGTGGTTATCTTCGGTAAAGAAGCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3854475_3854556
AAACGCGTCCGGTCGATGCACCGCGCACGCGCCTGCTTACCAGTTATAAAACGCTTTTCGGTAACAGCGGTTTTAACTGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2488556_2488637
TCTATTTATTCAGCGGAATAGTGAGTGCACTTTATGGCCGCGAAAAGAGCCAGAGAGGGGCGCATGTCGATATAGCGATGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3299194_3299275
GCCATTCACCGGATTATCTGCGTGGGGACAACCGTTTTGTCACCTTTACCCGTGATTTTGTGAATAGTGGCAAACCGGTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1852168_1852249
ACAATTACATCCGTTACTGCACCAAAAAGCGATCGCAGCGGTGTTCCATAAAGGCGAAAATCCTTTAGTTGACAGTTACAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3921604_3921685
TCGACCTGCTGCCGTACATTGCTGAACATGTACTGGGTCTGCCTGCACTGCGTGTGGTTCCGTCTGCGGACGTGAACGTAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3274201_3274282
TGCGGAAGAGCTGAAGTTTATCTCTGAAAATGGCGCGGTGGTCGATATGGACCACAAAAAGCCGGGCAGTGCGGCAGCAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2316888_2316969
ATGCGGCGTAAACGCCTTATCCGGCCTACGATTCCCATTATTTCAACAAATTACATTAAAGTAGGCCAGATAAGACGCGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1641881_1641962
GCTGAAACATGAAGCTGGACATCGATACGACCATCGGATGGGGTGATAAGACCCTTGCCGCTTTTGCCGTCAAAGGTTTTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3641557_3641638
GCACAACGTAGAAGTCGCCAATCTGGTGCTGATTGTTCTCTCCATCGTCGTCACCATCATCTTCTTTCGTCAGGCATTCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2967272_2967353
ACGTGCGCTGGGGATCCCTACCGTGATGGGCGCGGATATTCAGCCTTCGGTGCTGCATCGTAGGACGCTGATCGTTGATGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1002303_1002384
CCCTGAAAATATTGCAGCCGTTCGTTGGCTCGGTCGTCATTCCTCCTATGGCGCTGGCGCGATTATATGAATGCTACAACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1864253_1864334
TTACGCTGTTAGCGCATTTCCGCGTGGGTAAAACTTGTGAAATCGATCTTGAATCACATGGCGAATTTGAAACCACCTCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2376351_2376432
CCATCGGCGGCGGTCACGTTCTGCACATGATGTGCGACCTGACTATCGCGGCAGATAATGCCATCTTCGGTCAGACTGGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2828087_2828168
CCTGTGTGCGCGTGAATTTTCGCGTTTGATGATCCGCGACGGGATTCAGGGGCGCATTATTCAGATCAACTCGAAATCCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1134140_1134221
GACAATTCAGGGGCATCCGGTGATAGGCGAGGCTGGGCCAATTGCTGTGCCGGAAGGGGCGGAAATCACTATTGCTGCCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 230385_230466
AGTGGATGTCGCGATACGCGCTGGTACGTTAACGGATTCCAGCTTACGTGCCAGGCCGTTATTTAACAGTTATCGAAAAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3151578_3151659
ACGTACCAGCTTCCGTCTGGAGCGTCGGGTCGCCGCAGTGGGTCGTCAAATGGGCCGCGGTAACGGCTATCTGGCAACCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1183991_1184072
TCTGGCTGGGCGTTATCGACACACCAATCCGTATCATGTTCACGCCCAGTGCGGTGATTATCGGTCTGGTTTACATTCTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 72539_72620
CGCGGTACAGCAGGGGAAAATGCACGCTATCGCCCGCCAGATGGGGATTGATAATTTAATGGCGCGGTTACCGGGCGAGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 294333_294414
ATTAAAAATCCCCATTGCAGATTACTTTCAACTGAACGCTAATGATGAATTCATGGGGAAAGATGAAAAAACAGTTATACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1965578_1965659
GATTACCGCCATGGGTAATGCGATGGATTTGGTAGGGCTATGCGCACTGCTGGTGGTGCTTGGTGTCATTCCAATGGTGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 765062_765143
AGAAATAGCCCTCGCCGCTTCCCTCTACAGGAATGGCGAAGGGCTGTCGGTTTCGACATGGTTGGCCATCGTATGATGGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3939859_3939940
GCTGGATTGCCTTGACGGTAATTGTCACCAGCATCGGGTTACTGCTTCTCTATATTCTCCATGCACGACGCACGCCAAACC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4338_4419
TGAAAGTGGCGCTAGGGTTAAACTCGGCTAACTCGATTAACATCAGCCGTTTGCTGGCGCAGATTTGCTACTACTTTGAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 991889_991970
AGGCGATGGAAGATGCGTCGAATGTCGATCTCTCCCATTTCCGCCGTTGGTACAGCCAGTCCGGTACACCGATTGTGACCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2020550_2020631
ACCGCATGTTGAAACTGGCGCTTGAAGGCTATAGCGACGCCTGGAAGGCGATTAATCCGCTGGAAGTTGAGTACGTGCGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 296357_296438
ACCTACCGTCACTGCTCACGCTTATCGCCTACTACGTGCTTTCATCAAATGGAGTAATTATCAGAAAAAATATCAAGGGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4377416_4377497
ATAAAGGCTATAACCCTGACAGAGGAATGTGGCAGCAGAGTGAAGGGAAAGCGTACTTTACCGGCGCACCAACTCGCGCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2717059_2717140
CTTCACCCGCCCTAATCATGGTTATCTTGAAAGCTGGGCGCGTCAGGGCGTTCTGCTACTCAATACTGTGTTGACGGTACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 671856_671937
AAGATACCGCATCGGTATTCCGTAACGGTCAAACAGCAGAGTATCAGATGATCATGACGGTTAATGCGACCGTGTTGATCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 147380_147461
TGTTTTACTCGCCGGAGCTGGCGCGACGCGTCTATAACAGTCCTTTCCCGCTGGTGGATATCACCATCACACCGGATGACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3348729_3348810
CGCTGACCGAATTTGCTGAACAATGCCGTTACGAAGAAGACATTGCACAACTGCGCCAGCTACTGAAACAGCTGAAGCGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3039256_3039337
AGCCATGCTTGAAGTGTTGTATGCTACCGGGCTGCGTGTCTCTGAACTGGTCGGACTGACAATGAGTGATATCAGCCTGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 810919_811000
TGGACGGCGATAGTGCGCCACTGGCGGAAATCCAGCAGGTAACGCAACAGCACAATGGCTGGTTGATGGTCGATGATGCCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 51980_52061
TCCATCTGTTTAGCTATACTGATGCCATTGCCGACATGCACTTTATGTTGCAAAAAGAGGTGGTGAATCGTCTGGTTGCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 788278_788359
TCGCGCCACAGTTGATAAACCTTGCCCGGTGAATATGACTAATCACGTCTATTTCAATCTTGACGGCGAGCAGTCTGACGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4337509_4337590
AAAAGGAACGAACACGCGCATTATTATTCACGGTGCTATCCCGTTTTCTCGACAGTAAAAAATTCGTTTCATTAATGATGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 242042_242123
CGCGTATGCTCACATTCGCCGTCAGTTCAAAATCTCTATTGGTAAGATGGAAGGGATTGAAGAGCCGCTGGCGCGTATTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3029932_3030013
TTCCCCGTAGCGAAAAAGTGGCGGTGATTGGCGCTGGGCCTGCAGGGTTAGGGTGTGCTGATATTCTGGCGCGCGCAGGAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1068343_1068424
AATGTAAGCTTGCCTGATGCGCGATGCTTATCAGGCCTACCAGAAGATTGCAATATATTGAATTTGCACTGTTTTGTAGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4532771_4532852
CGCGACATGGATTGCCGGTGGGTTTGCCGGGGCGGAGGAGCTGCTAGCGCAAAGCCTGAAACCGGGCGGGATCATGCTTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 678089_678170
GTATAGCGCAGGTCGCCTGGATATCCCCGAACTTCTGGATTACGCCCAGTCATGGCGGGAAACTGAACCTGATAATGAAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4137309_4137390
AGAAACTGGTTCACGAAGATATGGCGAAGAATTTTGCTGAGTACCCGCAAAAATGGAAGTTAAAGCGCCCGGACAGCAACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3035694_3035775
GAAGGTGAAGTGGCGGGTATTAAATCCGTGACGATCAAAATCTCCGGCGATTACGCTTACGGCTGGCTGCGTACAGAAACC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3381387_3381468
CGGTGCACTATTAAACCTTAACGGTGAGTTAATTGGCATCAACACTGCAATCCTTGCGCCTGGCGGCGGGAGCGTCGGGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4165817_4165898
CGGATTACTGGCAACCCGCGGAACAGTTAAACGTTCTTATACTCATGAGCTGATCGCGCGTTTCGCTAATGAATGCCAGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2156785_2156866
ACCGCTTCTCCCGTGCCTCGGAAAAAATGTTCGACAGGATAATCGCCGCCTATGGTCGTGGACTGGCGAAAGTGCTGAATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4111084_4111165
TGCTGAAAGAGCAGGGCCTGACTCCGGTTCTGTGCATCGGTGAAACCGAAGCTGAAAATGAAGCGGGCAAAACTGAAGAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2273232_2273313
ATAAAAAATACATCATCAAAGATGAGCAAAAGAACGAATCAGCCCAGGATACGCGTTGGCTGGCGTTTAATATCCAACGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1317779_1317860
ATATGCTGGGCACCGCAGCTGGCCCGCATCCTTATCCGACCATTGTGCGTGAGTTTCAGCGGATGATTGGCGAAGAAACCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2326662_2326743
GTAAAGCGGCAGCCGCAATTGAGTCCGGTGCTTTTACAGCCGAAATCGTCCCGGTAAATGTTGTCACTCGAAAGAAAACCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 494668_494749
TCCGGCGGACATCTACGCCATTGAGCAGACGGGGCAGTTTTCAGGTCGTTATTTTGTGTTGATGGGGCATCTGTCACCGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2451289_2451370
TGCGAAATACACGTTGAACTGCACAAACAGTCTTGCTAACGACTTGCGGATGCAACTTAAGGGCAATACCTCAACGATTAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4617673_4617754
TGGTTTTGACCTGGTGAAAGCCTGTAAAGAGGCTTGCGCGGCAGCGAATGTACTGCTGAAAGTGATCATCGAAACCGGCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3812186_3812267
AAGCCCTTTACTCAGCCCGGAGATGACGAGGGAATTTTTACAAAGCCAGCTCACGGGTGAGGAGCGGGAGATCTTTATGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 70787_70868
TTGGGCAAATCATTAACGCCGGGCAAGGGGAAGGGCGCTATTCGGAGCTGCTGGCGATAAATCTGCTTGAGCAATTGTTAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3742069_3742150
CGCTATTTTGATTTATAAGCTGGAACCCACAACCGGGATGCTGCGAACCCGTGCCTATATTGGCCAGCATATGCCGCTCTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3599067_3599148
AGCAATACGGCGAAGGTCTGGCGCGAGCGGTGCAGGACGGCCTGAAGAAAGGCAATGCAAACGTGGTGTTCTTTGATGGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2286299_2286380
AAAAAACCAACCCTTACGGTTGGTTTTTTTATATCTGCAATTAATTCGATAAACAGACCGTGACACATCACAGCCTGTTTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2946590_2946671
GTAACTCCCTGATGGATAACTTCATTATGGATGTGCAGGGTAGTGGGTATATCGACTTTGGTGATGGCAGTCCGCTTAACT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1007006_1007087
GCCCCAATCTGGTGGTTTCCGGCGCGTCAGCCTGGGAAGAAGATCGCTGGAAAGTGATTCGCATTGGTGATGTGGTGTTTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2449599_2449680
CTTGTCCATGGTTGGTTATTATGAATGACTCTGAAGCCTCTCCAGGGGGCGTGACGTATCAGGGGCCTGATAGTCACGACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3063445_3063526
AACGGTTGGCGTCGGGCAGTCGGAAACAGAAGTCGCCCGCATGGTGGACTGTTTTATCTCGTTGCAAATTGCCGGTGGCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3738473_3738554
AGTATCAGTTTGGCGCGTTATATCTTTCTGGTGACGAAGTGAAAAAATCGCTGGGTGAACGCTGGAGCGACTGGAAACCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 214524_214605
TGATTTGTGGATTGAGCTGGGGCTGCCGGATGAGCGGCGGATTAAGAAAGCCTGCACCCAGGCCGCAGAAGTGGCGCTGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4177976_4178057
GAGCTGGCACCTGGTGCGCAGCGTACCGCGTGTGATGGGCTTCATCGGCGGTACTTCCGATCGTCCTGCGCCAATCAGCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1920903_1920984
GCTTATCGACAGCGCCTTTCATGCATTACGTCCTGGTGGTACGCTGGTTTACTCGACCTGTACCTTAAACCAGGAAGAAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 378977_379058
CCACCGGTATTGGCGCGGTACACAACACAGCTAAAGTCCAGCCAGGTGATTCTGTTGCCGTGTTTGGTCTTGGCGCGATTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 584516_584597
TAATTGGGTTGCTGTCGCCTATTTTATACATACTATAATTGATGGTTTTCTATGTGATTTAGTTAATAACCTTCTGGGTTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1356249_1356330
AACTCCTGACCGGGGAATGCGACGTTCTGGCCTGGCCTGCTGCCAGCCAGCTATCCATTTTGCGTGACGACCCGCGCTTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1665904_1665985
GCAATCTGATTAATCATAGCGACGCGTTACTCTACAACGTACAACTCTCAGTGACGGTTCAGGCTCGTGACTATGCGCTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 273361_273442
ACACCGTACATCATCGACTGCTGATGAAGGCTGTACGCCGCAGGATCAGTGACGCACGTTTCATGACTCTGCTGTGGAAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 203883_203964
ATGCCGCCCGTGATGTGCTGGGGATCCCTCACGATGCCCACTGCCTGGCGTTGCTACCGGGGAGCCGTGGTGCAGAAGTTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3658590_3658671
TCACATCAGTAAACTAAAAGCTAAAGCGCCTATTTATTTTGTTAGCCGCAAAGAAAGTATCAAAAATCTTCTTGAGATTAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2540226_2540307
AGGTGCGTAAAGAGCTGCGTCGCTGGCTGCGTCAACTCCATGAAGAACTAAAATTCACCAGCGTTTTTGTGACCCACGATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2807589_2807670
ATTTAACCGGTTGTAACCCTGGCTGGGGCTGCGAAGGTGCGATCAACCACCAGCTTGCCGCGTATGAACTGACCAACACCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 423386_423467
TCGACTGGCTTGGCTATGCCAGCTTGCCGAAGCTGGATTATCAGTCGGAAAGTCTGGTGAATGAAATTTATCGCGGGGAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 275987_276068
GCTTATCGGCATTGCCGCCGGTGAAACGGAAAACCCGCGCAAAGTTATCCCGGTAGCGATTCGTACTACCATCGCGCGACT
>Escherichia coli K-12 706886_706967
AATACACCGTGATGTCCAAGCGTAAGTTGAACCTGCTGGTGACCGACAAGCACGTTGAAGGCTGGGATGACCCGCGTATGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1119988_1120069
CGCAATTCGTCATGACGATGATGGCGTAACTATTGAAACGGCTGACGGTGAGTATCAGGCGAAAAAAGCGATTGTCTGCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2704783_2704864
GGGTTTACCGGGCGATAAAGTCACTTACGATCCGGTCTCAAAAGAGCTGACGATTCAACCGGGATGCAGTTCCGGCCAGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2184077_2184158
GGCGGTTGCTACGCTGCGCAGTCGATTATTGCCACAGGTTTCATTAATAACGCCAAACTTGCCCGAAGCTGCCGCCTTGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2529129_2529210
TTGTGCGTGACGTCGAGTTTCAGGTTGGGCGTACTGGCGCGATTACGCCTGTTGCGCGTCTGGAACCTGTCCATGTTGCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2445933_2446014
ACTGCCGAAAACTCGCTGGACCTCCGCGCAGCTCTTGCGCCCGCAAGCACTGGACTTAGTTTCCCGCGACGGTAAACACGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4491826_4491907
GCTTATTTAATCCTCATCTGTTTAGCGAAGAGGAGATGCCCTCCTTCTGGAACAGTATTTTCGCTGCCGTGATCCCGGTCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4200874_4200955
TATTCGCGCGCGTTTTGACGATCGCGGTGATCTGAGCTTTATGCAACGTGAATCCGATGGGGAAAAGCAGCAGCTTTCTAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1145380_1145461
CTCAGGTGTTTTGCTGGTAGCGAAAAAACGCTCGGCGTTGCGTTCTCTGCATGAGCAATTACGTGAAAAAGGGATGCAAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2041661_2041742
ATTATCACAAAGGTTATGCAACAGATATCGAGATGATTGGCATTGAGGACGGCATTGTTGAATTCCATAGAAATAATGAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2096880_2096961
GGCGAATCCCATCGGCCCGACCTGCCACAAAGGCACCAGCAGTTGCTTCGGCGACACCGCTCACCAGTGGCTGTTCCTGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1360160_1360241
CGCTGAGGCCTCGCCGGGTCAGTTTGAAATCAACCTTTACCATACTGATAACGTGCTGGAAGCCTGCGATGATGCGCTGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1809675_1809756
AAGCCGTTGCGTTATGCAAAGAACAAGGTTTATTGGTGGGACTGGCCTCCGCGTCACCACTACATATGCTGGAAAAAGTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 204752_204833
CCATGCTGGCGATGCAGCGTGCCGTCGCTGGGCTGCATATTGCGCCGGAATATGTGTTGATTGATGGTAACCGCTGCCCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3716837_3716918
TAGCGTAACCCGCAGCGGGGATAACATTATCCTCAATATGCCGAACAATGTGACCTTCGACAGCAGCAGCGCGACCCTGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 515275_515356
TGCGTATTGTCGATGAAGCCACCAACCCGTGGGGGATTAAAGTCACCCGTATTGAAATTCGCGACGTGCGCCCACCGGCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 44784_44865
TGCAGGGTAATCAGGGGGCGGCTTGCCTGTTTGCGGGATCACCCACCGATGGCCTGATGGGCGGCGGCTTCCTTTATACCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4515476_4515557
CCTGGGCTACCAGTTCCAGCCAGACAGCCAGCATAAATTCAACATTCAGGGGTTCTACACCCAAACCCTGCGCAGCGGCTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 719322_719403
GCATAAACAACAGGCTGGTTTTTCTCAGACTTCACAAATTCATAAAAAAGACAGCCACATCAAAGGGCAACAGCGTTATGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2751231_2751312
GTCAGCAAGATTGCCAGAAACGCATCAGCACCGCGATAAATGAAGTGGTGCTTCATCCAGGCAAAGTGGCGCATATGATTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4050031_4050112
ATGCCTGATGCGCTATGTTTATCAGGCCAACGGTAGAATTGTAATCTATTGAATTTACGGGCCGGATACGCCACATCCGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2169122_2169203
TATGGCGACAGGCGGATTTGGGACGCGTATTACCACAGAAACGCCGGAAAAATTAAAAGCCGCGCTGGGTAGCGTCTCTTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1716546_1716627
TGACCAGTGGGGTAACATCACTTCTGGTATCGACCTGACCCGTCGTCTGCATCAGAATCAGGTGTTTGGCCTGACCGTTCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3672824_3672905
TGGTTTTGATTGCGTGATACGCACTGGCGCGTTACCGGAAGATGGCGTTATCGCCCGTCCCCTCGGCAAACTGACCATGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1008859_1008940
GCTGGAATCTCTCTTTGTTTAGTGCCTCGCCGGATCTGCTAAGCTGCTTGCAGCTGCGTGCAGACAAACAGTACAAGGCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1902494_1902575
TCCAACTCCGGCAAAACCAATGGGGCCAAACGACTACATGGTTATTGGCCTTGCGCGTATCGACGACCGTCTGATTCACGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1312581_1312662
AGGTTACTGTCATTTATGCTCTATTTGCGGGAGCCCTGTTAGTCAGCCAATGGGTGATGAAAAAGCCGCTAATTCAGCGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2688097_2688178
GCGTGGCGCGTTTACTGGCGCTGTCAGCAATCGCGAAGGTTTATTCCAGGCGGCGGAAGGCGGAACGCTATTTCTCGATGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1106047_1106128
AGCCGTAGTGCACACCGTCGGGCCAGTCTGGCGTGGTGGTGAACAAAACGAAGACCAGCTTTTGCAGGATGCCTATCTCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1462742_1462823
CTCGCTGCGGGTTGGAGTATTTGGTGCTGAGCCGTGGACACAGGCCATGCGTAAAGAGATTGAGCGTCGCCTGGGGATCAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1904281_1904362
GGTATTTGCAGCACTGGGTGCCGGTATCGCGATGAGCGGCAGCCTGTTAGGTCCGCTGCTGTTCTTCATCCTGTTTAACCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3194923_3195004
CCTGGCCCAAAAAGCCGGGGATTTTTTATATCTGCGTTCCGCTAAAAGGTGCAAATGCTCAGGACGTTGCAGCGTTTTGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1035380_1035461
GTGGTATGAAATCCGCTGGTATCTGTTTCTGGCAAAACGTCCGAGTGCCGATATAGGCCATAATCCCATCGCCCAGGCGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1642239_1642320
TTGTACTGGAAGAAAACATTTTAAACATCAGGCAAATAACCAAGTCACCAGCTAAATAATAAGTTAACAGACATGAGTCCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3353546_3353627
TGGAGCTGGGGCTACAAACCGCCCACGACAAAACACTGCATCGCATCAACCGCGGCCATGATTTTGCCTGTTATCAGCGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2126668_2126749
AATCATACAACCGCCAGTACGGACGCGATTACCGCTCAGTCATGCCGACCAACCTGTACGGGCCACACGACAACTTCCACC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4041668_4041749
TTCAGTAATGCAGCAGGAAGCTGGTGAGTGGTTTTTGTTTTGCCCGTGCGATACGCCTTACATTCCCCCTGATTTAGCAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 456949_457030
TGACACCATGCAGTTTATCAAGCCTGATGTCAGCACCATCTGTATGGGCCAGGCGGCCTCGATGGGCGCTTTCTTGCTGAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1206493_1206574
CGGCATTACCCGCGCATGGACATACCGTCACTTGATGGGAACGGGAACTGTCGGTGTGATGATTGCCAGCAGTGACCTGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1458619_1458700
TGGGGGGCGACATCGTTATTGCTGCCCGTTCAGCAAAATTCGTCATGGCGTTTAGTAAGTTAGGCTTAATACCCGATTGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 750906_750987
TGGGTATCGGGCAAAATATGCTGTGGCTTGGCGCACTGTCCTTTGATGTCACCTGGGCCAGTAGCCATTTTGATACTCAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2906108_2906189
CATTTAAACAACAAAAATTAGCTAAGGGATTAGAGCTAGCTATAAACGCTTTGAATAACCAACTCACTTCACAACACCAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 720909_720990
GATCAATCTTAATTTATTTAATGATGAGCTTTTTACTCAGTAATATAAAATATTGAATTGTTATTTTTGTGTGTTGTTTAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3403932_3404013
TTGTCGTGACGGGTGCCAGTGGTGGCGTCGGCAGTACCGCCGTGGCGCTGCTGCATAAGTTGGGTTATCAGGTCGTTGCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2271465_2271546
GAACTGTCGTTGGCCTGCTCTGCTATTACCTGATGAGCGTACGTATGCGCCCCGGCAGAGAAATCATGACCGCCATCAAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 232198_232279
CGGTAGGCTGATTGTGATGGACGTAATGTCTCCGGGTCACCCAGTGCGCGACATCTGGTTACAGACGGTAGAAGCATTACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4399688_4399769
ATCGTCAACTTCAGGAGGTAGATCCGGTTGCGGCAGCAAGGATTCATCCAAATGATCCACAAAGGCTTTCCCGGGCACTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4390944_4391025
AGACCTGCTGGACGACGAAGGCATGGCGTTCGTCAACGAGCAGATGGATATCTACCGCAATATCGGTTATCGCGTATTGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4524518_4524599
CGGATCTGACGGGTCAGGACTTAACCCCGGAAACCGTGACGCGTCTGGCTCTGCAAAACGAGAATATCGTTGGCATCAAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1719008_1719089
CCAATCTGTCACTGCTCATTCCTGGGCAGCCGGTTGGGGGCTACGATACCGGTCCTGGTAACATGCTGATGGATGCCTGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1371016_1371097
GATCATTACCGAGACCAATGTTCCGCATAAAGACAACATTGCTTACTTTGGCGCAGGCGATGACGAAGCACATATGGTGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1270565_1270646
CCCTGAAATGTTTGCAATGAAGAGTACATTCCGGCTTTTCAACAGCTGTTGCAGTGGTTTCGTGCAGGGTGTGGTACAGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1695126_1695207
ACTTTACTGGCTTTGGTCGTCATGAAGATGCGGACTTGCGTGGCAAAGGATTCGATAACGTGCTGATGGTGCACGACCACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3610194_3610275
GCAGAAAGCAGTCATCGTCATCATGGGCGATGATCCGAAAGAAGATCTGGCGGTGCTGGCGAAGCGTCTGGAAGATCAGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3419515_3419596
CTCAACGTCGCCGACTACTTCAAGGCAAACAATATGAAGTACACACCGGTGACTTTCGATCGCTCTGACGAATCAGCGAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3730065_3730146
ACAACTGGGCCGCTTTATGCAGATGGTGGTTGAGCATAAACATAAAATCGGTTTCCAGGGCACGTTGCTTATCGAACCGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4577396_4577477
TTATAAATTCGTTATCAGTGTCTGCAAATTCATCGTCAATAATTCTATTCCAGGTCAAAACAAAGGACACTACCGTTTCTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1843003_1843084
CGGCTACGGTCTGGTTTATTTCACAGAAGCAATGCTAAAACGCCACGGTATGGGTTTTGAAGGGATGCGCGTTTCCGTTTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1101228_1101309
TCCCGCTGCAATCTTTAACGGCGGCAAATATCATGGTTGAAGGTTCGATTATCGGTTATGAAAGCAACGTCAAATCTGGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1991247_1991328
AGCCGTTATTCGGCTTGCGAGAAGTTGATGGCAGCGAGCTGACGATTGTTGAGGAGTGGTGCTTTGGCTATATGCGGGGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 97706_97787
AAGTTTGCGTGGTTAATGCTGATGATGCCTTAACAATGCCGATTCGCGGTGCGGATGAACGCTGCGTCAGCTTTGGCGTCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 193111_193192
AGCGATTATGGCGTCCGATCTTGGCCTGAACCCGAACTCTGCGGGTAGCGACATCCGTGTTCCGCTGCCGCCGCTGACGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4598256_4598337
AGAACATCGCGACGTTTATCAACAAAATCAAAGCGTCACCGTGGTTTAAAGATACCGTCATCGTCGTCTCTTCTGACCATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3712546_3712627
TACAACCGGCCCGGTCGCGGCATTACATTACGATGGCACAACCACCTCGATGTATAACGAGTTTGGCGACAGTACTACCAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3183529_3183610
ATCCAGTACCAGGCGATAAACATCCTTTTACCCTTAATATTTAACAATACTAAACATTTAGCGTATAAATTTCACATATCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2455325_2455406
ATTGCGTATTTGATACTCAGGAAACAATGACCACTACCTTTACTGGTACCGTTTCTTCTGCAAATAGCGGCAATTATTACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1620648_1620729
GTCAGCATGTGGCGATGCTCGGCTTTATGTTGACCCTGGCGGCAGCATTTAGTTGGGCGTGTGGCAACATCTTCAATAAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 769255_769336
TCGCCATGCCCGTGAGATCGATCCAGGCCTAATCGATCGGCAAATAGTTCATTACGGTAATTACGATCCCTTTATGGAGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1241164_1241245
GCTGGCGCAAATCGCCATGTTCCTGGTGCTGGGGCTGTTGGTTAACCCAAGCGATCTGCTGCCTATTGCCATTCCGGCGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 460026_460107
TGGCGCTGGGCGGCGTGCGTGATGAAGCGGAAATCCGTGGTCACCGCCGTACTTACATCGGTTCTATGCCGGGTAAACTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2556814_2556895
CTCGCCCGGATATGGGCCGCCGCCTGTGTGCAGAAGCTGTTGAAGCGCTGAAAGCGCAGTGTGTTGCCAATCCGGACGTAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 39776_39857
ACCTGTCTACACCGAATGGTTTGTTGATATGAGCAAACCGGGCATCAAAGTGACCAAACTTGAAAAGCTCGGTCTGCGTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 545799_545880
CCGCGCCGGGAGAAGGCGACGAGATCCTTACCTTTGATATGGCGACTACCGTACAGGCATGGGGAAAAGTGCTCGACGCCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1450173_1450254
CTCGCGTCGGGCCGATGATCTCCACCGTGACTTATAACGACAATGGCACCAAACGCAAAGTCATGTACGAAGGTTCTCTCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2149973_2150054
TTCAGCAATGCATGTTTACCCCGCTCATTTGACTGACTGCCCGTGGTGTGCGCTGGATAATCAAGGTGTTATCTATTTTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2184868_2184949
TTTTAAACCGGCAGCGATACGTGGTAATGCTTCGGAAATCATGGCATTAGCTGGCATTGCTAATGGCGGACGGGGAGTGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3971852_3971933
GTGAGTGTGTCGTCACTAACTCGCGGACGGCGGAAATGTGTAAGCTCACCGAAAACAGCTTCCGCGATGTGAATATCGCTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3460376_3460457
CCAAAATTACCGAACAGTTCGTGCATATGAAGCAGCAACTGCCGCTGAGTACACGCATTCTTTTAGGTCTGAGCGACACGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2646130_2646211
TGATTATCGACCAGGTAACTTTGATAGCGGTTTTCATGGCCCGATCAGCATGAGCGAGGCGCTGGTGCGCTCGCTGAACTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4361126_4361207
CAACTACAACATTGATGAACCGAGCAGTTCCGGTAAAACATTATCTATTGCGTTTGTTAATCAGCGCCAATACCGTGCTCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 152488_152569
TTGCCAGTGGGTGCAGCAGTGGCATCAGTTGGATTGATACCACTCTGACCGGAAATGCATCATCAAGCTCACCTAAGCTTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 595062_595143
AGCCATTCGCTTTTGCTGAACTGCTGGCGCGGGTGCGCACATTACTGCGGCGCGGGGCGGCGGTGATTATCGAAAGTCAGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3889398_3889479
GGTGGTAATGGACTCCGCGCGCTTTGCTGAAAACGCCTATTTCATCAAGCAGCGTGAAGCAGAATACAAAGACTGGACCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 106976_107057
TGGCGATAAGTGGGCTGAATTTAAGCCGTACAATGGTTTTTCGCTGGATTTCACCATCGATTTTAACCATCCGGCTATTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 703172_703253
GTATGAAGAAAAAATCCGTTCTTACGGAAAAATTCATCTGTTTATGGGCGGTGTAGGTAACGACGGTCATATTGCATTTAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3221918_3221999
CGATGCGGTGGATATCGATCTGGCACGCATCAGTAAAGAAATCATCGACTTCTATATCAACCAGGGCGTTAATCGTATTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1027403_1027484
CCTGCCTCGCCTGGAGAATGAGCGGGAAGCTAACCATTTTGATGCCGCGCCGCGCCTTGAATTGTTGGATGGCGATGCGAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1386002_1386083
TGATCAGTCGCATCCGGCGCTGCAACGCTGGTATGCCTCAATCCATGAAACGCAAAACGACCGTGAAGTGGTCAGCCTGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1993751_1993832
GAGCGAGGTGGTAGAAACCTTCGTAGGCCAGTTCTATTTACAAGGCAGCCAGATGCGCACCTTACCGGGTGAGATCCTGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 271194_271275
ATTTCGGGAACGTTCGTGAATTGGTGTTCCGTTCACTATGTTAATCGTACCTCTTTCGCCTTTGCGGGTATGACGCCTGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1228369_1228450
CGTGGCGCTCGATCTGACATTGCGTGATGTTCAGGGAAAAATGAAGAAAGCCGGGCAGCCGTGGGAAAAGGCTAAAGCGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2290784_2290865
CTTTGCGCTGATAGACGCAGGCGCAGACGGTTATCTGTTGAAAGACAGCGACCCGGAAGTATTGCTGGAAGCGATTCGTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 793013_793094
GCATAGTGAACAGCTTGAAGGTGTGCAACTGCCGGAGCCGGATGAACCTTCAGCACGTCACGCCTTACCCGCCAACGAACC
>Escherichia coli K-12 505701_505782
ACAAAAAACAGGTCGATTACGTGCCGGGTACGCCATGCAAACCAGATCAACAAAACGGCATCTGGATTGTGCAGGCGCATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3150643_3150724
ATTCAACATGTTGCAATAGATTTTGTAGGCCTGATAAGCGTAGCGCATCAGGCATTGAGCACCTAATGCCGGATGCGTCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4561168_4561249
GCGCGGTTCAGGGGCATTCGACTTCGCAGGTCGCTATTTCCTTTGCCGAAAAAACACCGCCACAGTTTCTCTACCACGGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1756365_1756446
ACCAGGAAGGCCTCAACAACTTCGACGAAATCCTCGAAGCCTCTGACGGCATCATGGTTGCGCGTGGCGACCTGGGTGTAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1569682_1569763
TGGCGGCAATCTGCTTAAGCTCTGTTGGTGGTTTGTCTATTGCGATGGTCATTCCGGGTAATGAAATCAACCTCTCCGCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2036701_2036782
GAATGTAAGCGCATAATCAATCGCGGCCGCGTTAGTACTCACGACGTGGCTGCGTTTTTTCACGGTTAATTTATGGCGTAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3235268_3235349
CACTTTCAATGAACCGCAGCTGGCCGATGCGCCGCAGACCGTTAGCTGGAAGCTGGAAGGTACTGACTGGACTATCCACAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4417287_4417368
TGGCGCGTCGATGGGCGCGATGACGGCACTGGGGATTACCGCTCGCCACCCCACGGTGAGATGTACCGCCAGCATGATGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1398108_1398189
GAAAGACCAGCCGTGGCCGGAAGGAGGCAAGGCGCTGGTGGCGGTGAATCTCGCCAGTGAAGAGCCGTATCATAATGCGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2428302_2428383
TGGTGATTTTACCCTGTTCAATCAAAACCCTTTCCGGCATTGTCCATAGCTATACTGATGGCTTACTGACCCGTGCGGCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1271260_1271341
GGCGTTACTGGTAGCATTAATTTCTGCGGCAATGTATGGCGTATTTTTGCTGATCCAGACCAAAACGCATCAAAGTTTGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3297579_3297660
GCTGGTGTTTATGGGCTTTGTCCTCGGCTGGGGTTTTGCGGCGATTCGTCTGGTGGCCGGGCTGGTGATGGTGTTGCTGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2968673_2968754
GCGCTACAAATTACCGAAACGTTTGGTGCGTTGGGACACGAAGCCGGTTTGTATCGGCCAAAAACAAAAATGGTTTCTCTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2081925_2082006
TTATGATTTAGCTGTGCTTTCTCGTGCTATCATCCACGGCGAGCCCGAGTTTTATCATATGTACAGTGAGAAAAGTCTCAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 257110_257191
CGACGGTATTAATGTGTGGTGGTCTGGATGCGATGCAGACGGACTATTACAGCCTGTATGAACGTTATTTTGCGCCGCGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4622395_4622476
TACCTACTATGCACAAACGCCGTCAGGCAATAAACATGTGTTGGTGAAATTCACCGTACCACAGCAAACCGCGGTCAGCCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2122255_2122336
CGGTATTCCTAACCCACTACTGCCGGAATGCCGCGACGACACCCGCAATGCGGTCATCAAACACGGCGCGGATATGGGCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4423234_4423315
CGCGTCGTCGTTTCCGTGACGGCCTGAAAGAGAGCGTTGAGATGGCAAGCCGCGCGCAGGTGACGCTGGCGATGGAGATCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3705241_3705322
CGGTGCACTGGAACCTGACGCCCGTCTCCGGTCGCGTGAGCGATATGGTGTTCCTCGATGACTCCAATCCGTTAACCGGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 76432_76513
GCCATCCCATCGGCACCGGTCCGTATGCGGTGATTCGCAACAGCACCAATCAACTGAAAATTCAGGCATTCGATGACTTCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4328210_4328291
AACAACGCTGGGTGGAAGATTTTGCCCATGCCGCGCTTGGCAGGCGCTGGCGTCATGCCGATCTGGCGGACCTCGAACATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4305565_4305646
ACTTCTACACTCTGCGCGGCGCGAAAACCCGCGACACCAGCAAGTGGACCGAGTATCTGAACGAAACGCTGGATATGTGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 632894_632975
GGCGGGGATCGGTGACACGCTGGCGAAATGGTATGAAGCGGTGGTGCTGGCTCCGCAACCAGAAACGTTGCCGCTAACCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 525362_525443
GGTACTACGATGAATCGGACCGTATCACTCACCGCACGGTGAACGGCGAACCGGCAGAGCAGTGGCAGTATGATGGCCACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1243446_1243527
ACGTGATGTTTATCGCCGTATGGGCTGGAGTGGTGAGCCGACGACCAGCGAGCTGAAAAATCCAGAGCGTAATATTTCAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4088942_4089023
GCATTTATTACGTTGCCTTGCCGCACCAGTGTGGATTGCTGAGCACCGCCAGAGCAGCATGAATAACCTGAAAGCCGCCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1098316_1098397
CAGGCGTACTGGGCAGTAAAGTTGCTCAGAGTCTGCAAACCTGGCGCTTTCCGCTGCGTTGCTGGAGTCGAACCCGTAAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2875836_2875917
CGAAGAGAAATCCCGCGCTAAAGAGCGAATTTACTCTTTCCGTGACCGCTTCCATCGCTGGGATCCGAAAAATCAGCGCCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1192271_1192352
TGCTTGAGCGCAAACTCTCCTCAGCGAAAGGCGCGCTCGACACTCTGGGCAACCGGATCAACGGCCTGCAACGCCAGCTCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2215192_2215273
GGATTACCCCGCCCAGACACTCACCACACATCTGTTTATTCCTCTGCGCCGACGGCTTCAGTGCCAACAACCGACTCTCCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1651152_1651233
ACGTCATGCTGGGAGCGGTGGAACGCCGCTTCGGCAACGATCTTCCGTCGTCTCCAGTGGAGTGGCTGACGGATAATGGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2532855_2532936
CCCTGAAATTCACGAAAAGACCACCGGTCCGGAGATATGGGAAGATACCGACGGTCAGGTTGATGTATTTATTGCTGGCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3859219_3859300
AAAGCCTGGCGGAAGGGCAAAAGGGGGCGCTGTTAACGGCGGTGCTGAAAATGCTCGACCCGCTGGTACTGGTGCTGCCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1999946_2000027
CTCAACCCCGTACACCATTTCTGGTATTCAGGCGCTGGTGAAAAAAGGTAACGAAGGCACCATTAAAACAGCCGATGATCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1744104_1744185
CTCCATGCGCGATATTCGTAACGAAAAAGGCACCGCAAAACCCGATCCTGCGGTTATGAAACGACTGATTCAACTCGGTTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4364154_4364235
CGCTGCAAACACGTCTCACGTTGATGAGCAATCGCCAACAGGGCGGCTCACCTGGCGGTGTGTTTGTTATGGGGGCGATTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 961503_961584
ACAAGTCGCGGCATTCCCACGCGTTCGTGAAGCATTATTGCGTCGCCAACGCGCGTTTCGCGAATTACCAGGTCTGATTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1272815_1272896
CACCACAGGCGTCGCCTATCGACTGCCAGAAGAGACGCTGGAGCAGGAACTAACCCTGTTGTGGAAGCGAGAGATGATTAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1933659_1933740
ACGGTATCGTTGCACTGCTGGCGACCGGTGGTTCCACTAACCACACCATGCACCTGGTGGCGATGGCGCGCGCGGCCGGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2162132_2162213
GCCGCTGACGATTGCAGGCCTGGTCGCAGTTGGCGTGGTGGCACTGGTGCTTTATCTGCTGCACGCCAGAAATAACAACCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 382620_382701
CTACCGGACCCTGAATAACGGCACCATGACAAATACGGGTATTCGCGCCGATAACAACTTCACCTGCAGTTTCATCAATAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 418497_418578
GCGGCGTAACTTTTTTGCCAACGTGAGCCATGAGTTACGTACGCCATTGACCGTGTTACAGGGTTACCTGGAGATGATGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4422472_4422553
AAGGCGCGCTGGACGTGGCAAAAGAGTTTAACGGCGACGTGCAGATCGAACTGACCGGTTACTGGACCTGGGAACAGGCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 102654_102735
TTATCGTTAAGCCGAGCCGCGAAGGTTCCAGTGTGGGAATGTCAAAAGTAGTAGCAGAAAATGCTCTACAAGATGCATTAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1017380_1017461
TGAACAAGAAACACTTCCGCTTAGCCCGCAGTGGATCCTCCGCCAGTGTAAAGAGGTCGCCTCCCTGTGTGATGGCGACAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 185496_185577
GCCGTCTTACGTCAACATCGGCGCATATGTTGATGAAGGCACCATGGTTGATACCTGGGCGACCGTCGGTTCTTGTGCGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 567426_567507
AAAATCCTGCTCCAACAGATTTTCTGACACAGGCAGGCCGTGTGCGCGGTAGCTGACCGGGCTGAACTTCCGGGAGGCCTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 449606_449687
CAACCGTCTGTATCACCGTGCTGTCGTTCATCGTTTGGCTGCACCACTTCTTTACGATGGGTGCGGGCGCGAACGTAAACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1332307_1332388
CCGCCTGAAAGCACGCGGTCGTATTTTGCGTTTTGATGGCTGGACAAAAGTGATGCCTGCGTTGCGTAAAGGCGATGAAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3060160_3060241
CCGCGGCGAAGTGGTCGGCGCGGTGAGTATTCAACATCAGGCGCTGCCGAGTTGTCTTGTCGATAAACTTGGTGCGCTCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2193574_2193655
CGATTATGTCTCATGGCCTGGCAACCAATTCAATTGGTTATCTGGTCACTGACGACAATGCGATGGTGTGGCGTGGACCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 528266_528347
TCAACTAAACCATCAAAGAGCATGGGATATATTATCTGATACTTATGAAGATATGAAGAGATTAAATTTAGGTGGGACTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1406221_1406302
ATATCCGCAACAGGCGAGCCTGAATCTTTTGCGCCAGCCGGTGGAAGAGTGCCGCAAAATGGTGTTCAGTTTTATTCAACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4537065_4537146
TCCGCTGTACCAGGATTTAGTCAGCAGAACGCGAGCCGCACTGGCAAAAAATCCGCAGAACAAATTCCTCGGCGCATGCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3995897_3995978
GCTGATGCGCTTTCACCGCTGGGCGCGCGATCTCGGCCTGGCAGGTGCGAGTCTGCGCCTGTTTCCGGATCGCTGGCGCTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 28745_28826
CTTTGCTGCCAATTTTAGCGTTGGCGTTAACGTCATGCTTAAGCTGCTGGAGAAAGCAGCCAAAGTGATGGGTGACTACAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4402628_4402709
TAAATACACCATGGACCGCATTCTGACGGAAGGTCGTACCGTGATTCGTAGCGATACTCAGCGCGAACTGGAAGAGACGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 488178_488259
ACACACCAAAAGCGATCCTTATCGACCTGATCCGTGCGCTGCCGGTGTGCCTGATTATTCTCGCGGTTGGCCTGATTCTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3516624_3516705
GAACAATGCGCTGACCCAGCCACAAAATCAGCAACAGCTGAACAATGTGGCGGTCAATTCCACGTTGCCGACTGAACCCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 16615_16696
GACAGTATCCCTGACAGCCTACAAAACGCAATTGAAGAACGCGAGGCATCGTCTTAACGAGGCACCGAGGCGTCGCATTCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 227171_227252
ACTGCGAAGGGGGGACGGAGAAGGCTATGTTGGCCGGGCGACGGTTGTCCCGGTTTAAGCGTGTAGGCTGGTTTTCCAGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1166698_1166779
CCAACGAAGCCCTGAACGTAACGCTGGTAGAAGCGGGAGAACGTATTTTGCCTGCGTTACCGCCACGTATCTCTGCTGCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4528475_4528556
TACCGGTGCCTATGCCAGCGACTTTGGCGTCTGGGACACTAACGTCGGTGAGACCATCCGTCATCAACACCGGATTGGTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 592020_592101
GGGCAATCAGTAACTTTGTCAGCTTCCTCGCGATGCTGGTGATGATCCAGCTTTTGCTGTTGCTGGCGTATGAAAGTTTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 908754_908835
AATTTACCCGCGAGCGCAATCTGGCGCTGCATGTTGACGGTGCGCGCATCTTTAATGCCGTGGTGGCTTACGGCTGCGAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 303690_303771
CAGTGAGTATATCGCGCTACTTCAGGATGATGTAGATCCGAAGAACGCTACAGAAGAGAGGCATTGTTGCTGGCAAATAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2283404_2283485
CCGAATGGGAAACCAATCCAGAGTCCACCCGCTATCTCACTTTCCTGAAAGGGCGAGTAGGGCGCAAAGTGGCGGATTTCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1585307_1585388
TGGGGATCACTCAGCACGAACATGGTACCCAGAACGTACAGCAACTGGTCAATCTGCTGTTGATGAAAGGTAACATTGGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1617584_1617665
AGTTACTTCCCTTACTGCCCAGTGAGCATTCCGGTTCACTGAAAAGCCTCCCGCTATTGTTCCGCCGCCCGGCATTGATGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3582413_3582494
CTGCTGGTGGCGTATACAATGGGAACATTGAAGGATTCAGAGATACTGCGGAAAAACTGGGTGGAGATGCAATAAAAGGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 288744_288825
CGAGAAGATTGAAGGCAAGCTGGCCGCCATCGCCTATTCACGCATCGGCCGCCGCCTGCCGGTGCACGCCACCGCCATCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2794914_2794995
CCATTGCCGCCGCGGAATCCGACACGCCGGAAAAACATATTGTCCGCGCCACCAACTCGGTTATCTGGCGTATTTCTATCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1490174_1490255
TGTCTTGCGCCGATGGCCAAAGCCTTGCATGACAGTTTCGGGATAGAAGTCGGCACGATGACGACCATTCATGCCTATACT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3821700_3821781
AGTACTGGCGACCGGTGTCGATGTTTTTCTCGATATCGACTGGCAGGGCGCGCAGCAAATTCGCCAGAAGATGCCGCACGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 220481_220562
CACTGGATGAACTGCAGGATGGTTCGCAGGTTGCCGTGCCAAACGACCCAACTAACCTTGGTCGTTCACTGCTGCTGCTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 287555_287636
CGGGTGAATGGTACATGGCCTACCTCACCAGCCGCCCGCTGCGCCTGCCCGGCGTGCCGCTGCTGGCCTCCGGCGGACGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2128575_2128656
GTGGGTCGGCGATGACGTCAATTTATATACCCTCGGTGAAATAACCATTGGCGCACATTCGGTGATATCGCAAAAAAGTTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 787180_787261
GAAACAGTGGCGTCGTGGTTTTGCAGTGACTCCGCCGGAACTGACTAAAGATGATGAGCGTTATCCGGGTCACGATCCGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1339673_1339754
ATATTCCGGTTGATGAGTTCTACACTTTAAAGCGAGCAGAACGCGGAAATCTAGTGAAAGAACAGTTGGCTGAAGAGAAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3273133_3273214
CCCACCGGAAGGCATTCGCGGCGTCTCCGTTTCTCACCGCGCCAATATGTTTGGCACCGTGGCGGATTATTTCGCTCAGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1939117_1939198
GCCACATCCGGCCTACAGTTCAATGATAGTTCAACAGATTTCGAATATTCTGAAGCAAACTTGAACTTATCATCAGGCGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1682479_1682560
TTTGCTAGCGCGTTTACGTTTGCATTTGCGTCAGAATGAGCAAGCCACACTGACCAAAGGTCTTCAGGAAACGTCTCTGAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2378385_2378466
TTGGTTAGGCAATGCCAAAGCGACCAGCGAGCTGCAGCAGGCGCAAATTGTGGTGCAACTGGGAAGCAGCCTGACGGGGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1307876_1307957
CGATAATTACATCGCGTACACCGGCAGCATGAATATGGTCGATCCTCGCTACTTCAAACAAGATGCGGGCGTAGGGCAATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2894806_2894887
TTGTAGGCCGCACGCCACATCCGACATTCAGCGCCTGATGCGACGCTTGACGCGTCTTATCAGGCCTACAAGTCCCCAGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 988246_988327
TTGCGCATTGTCCAAAATTTATACCTTCGGCCCGACTTTCCGTGCTGAAAACTCCAACACCAGCCGTCACCTGGCGGAATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3575328_3575409
AATGATTTTCCCCAGCGCTTCAGGAAATAGCAGCGGGCTTCCGGCAGGTGAAGAGCCATTTATCGTGCCGTTGGCAATTCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 756751_756832
ACCTGGCGGGCCGTGACGTGGTTGCGCGTTCCATCATGATCGAAATCCGTGAAGGTCGCGGCTGTGATGGTCCGTGGGGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3598422_3598503
CTACAATGTGTGTTGCAATTTACTGATTTCTTTGGATCTTGTAGGCCGGATAAGGCGTTTACGCCGCATCCGGCATGAAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1728631_1728712
GCTGCACGAAATTTTTAAAGTTGTACGTAAAGGTATTAAAGCGAGCGGCTGTAACCGCGCCATTATGGTGGCGCACAATGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 311002_311083
AAAGGGGAAACAGGTCGTATTGATTGCGGCCAGAAAGTCAGAGGCCTTAGCAAATTATTGGTATTACAATAGCAATATTAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3578189_3578270
CGCCATGCCTTGATATCGCCGTCGGTTTTGATAACTTTGAAGCAGCACGCCAGATGACCACTGCCATTATTGCTCGCGGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 765475_765556
TGACGATTTTCTTCAGCAACAGCTACAAATCACCCCGCAGGATCGTGTGTGGCATGTGAAGCGCGTGCGCTATCGCAAGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3999025_3999106
CCGAGTGCGCCATTCTCTACCGCAGCAACGCCCAGTCGCGGGTGCTCGAAGAGGCGTTATTGCAGGCCAGTATGCCGTACC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4567864_4567945
GAAGCGCGGCGCGGTTCCGTTTAGCGCCAAAAGCGTCTTGCGCGATTTTCGTAATGTCTTTTGCAATCGGCTGTTCCTCTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 534767_534848
TCATACCGGCTCGGTAGAGAAATACACCGAAGGGCGCAAAATCGTTCATATTGATATTGAGCCGACGCAAATTGGTCGCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 695649_695730
GTATGCGCAGTCGTGCATGTTGATTAGCGTCCAGTGCGAGAACGATCCCGGCGACAGCACCTGGCAGCAATTTACTCCGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 779288_779369
TCTGGACAAGTACGATATCCGTTCTGACTTCGCTCAAATGCTGGATGCACATGCAAACTTCCTGCGTAGCAACCCGTCTTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 113926_114007
TGGTGAAATGTGTGAGGAGCTTATCCTCTCAGGTGCCGATATCGTTAAAGTTGGCATTGGCCCAGGTTCTGTTTGTACAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 549995_550076
GCCACTGGCGTTGGCGGCAAGCGATCCGCTGCCTGCTGAGTTACGCCAGTTTCGTCACTGTTTTCAGGCCGCGCTCAATGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1820496_1820577
CTTCCATCAGATCATTATGGATACCATCTCAACCCCACTGGCATCGTTGGGTAGCGTGGTGGGCTGGGCCTATGTGATCTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2678836_2678917
CTGATTATTTTATTGCCAATAAAATTGACCAGCCGAAAATTGCCGTCATCAATTGCGAAGCCTTTGAAGTTTGTGTGCAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3615674_3615755
TGCCTAACTTCTGGCTGGCGTTTTTACTGGTGATGGCGTTTTCGGTGTATCTGCAATGGCTACCCGCGATGGGTTACGGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 398380_398461
CGGTGCGCACCGGTGGGCCGATGCAGGTCAGCATTGCTTTTGCCGAACAGCATACCAAAGGGTATCCGTGGAAAATGGACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 145656_145737
GACCACATCGGTACGCGCTTTCAATAACCAGATGGCCTGGCTGCGTGACAGGGGATACGCGACACTGAGCATGGTGCAGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2541202_2541283
GTTGGCTCGACGAGCATAACCTGCAAATTATGTTCTCCTGGCCGGGAATGGTGCTGGTCACCATCTTCGTGACGTGTCCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 635920_636001
ACCCTGGACTACGGCCGCACCAGGCGGTCATAGCTGGTACATTTACCCCATTTACGACTGGAAAGTGGCTGATATCTGGAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1494570_1494651
TGATTCTGGCGGGTTTAAAAACCGGGGAAATCGATATCGGCATTGGTCGGATGTCAGATCCTGAACTGATGACCGGGCTTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2084957_2085038
AACGCTCTGGGTGGTGATGAAAGAGTTGAAGAAGCCAAAACTCAAAGTCGCGACCTTACCGCCGCGCCGAACCGGGATCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 510088_510169
TGCGGTTGGCAGCCATACTACGCTGTCACGAATCATTCGCATGGTGCGCCAGGCCCAGAGCAGCAAGCCAGAAATCGGTCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 651288_651369
TCTGATTCAACAGGCTGCGGCACAGTGCGACTGGTTGCATCTGTTTTTAGTCAAAGAAGATTCTTCACGCTTCCCCTATGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 336317_336398
CGATAATCCGTTTTATCAGGCGTTAAATAAAGAATTACATATTAAACGACGGGCAGTTATTCAGGCCGTAAACGATAAACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4445962_4446043
TTCGCAGCCGGATGTAAATATCAACCTCGTCACCCTGAATGCCAAAGGCAGCGAAAAGCAGCACGAGCTACAGTTGCGGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1873786_1873867
CGCAGCCGATCAACAGGCCGATCTGAGCCAACTCGCCAGCCATATAGGCGGATTACGCGCTTCGTTGGCCAGCCCGGCGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3873996_3874077
TCTTTATGTCATGCCCGGAACCCATTGCAAATGGGTGCAGGCCGATAGCCAGCAAATCAACGATTTTCGCACCGTGATGAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2447935_2448016
TAGCGGCTGCATCGCCATTGCCTGTGCTTATGCCTTCCCGGATGCAGAAGTCGACGCGGTGGATATCTCTCCAGACGCGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4603800_4603881
ATTGTCTGATGTTGAACCCATTGAGAATCTGGTCAAGACCGTACGTTCCGGCAATACGCACGCAGAGCGTATCAGCGCCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3177556_3177637
TGGAGATGGTTGCCGGGATGATTGAAGAGGGTGAAAGTGTGGAAGATGTTGCCCGTCGCGAAGCGATTGAAGAGGCGGGAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1107026_1107107
CAAAATGGAATCCAGTCCATTTATAAATCATCTGGTTGATGGAACATTGCCGCTTATCTGGGCGAAGACACGTTTATTAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1872747_1872828
TGCTGCTGGATATTAACAAAAACAATCTGCGGAATATCTTTTATACTCATGACCGCCCTCTCCTCTGGCGTTTTCTCAATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3247001_3247082
CGAAACAGGACATCATGAAACTGATGGCCATTCAGGAACAGGCGCGCGGCGAACAATGCTTCCGTGATTCCGAGTGGGATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1380438_1380519
CATTCGCTCTTTGCTGGCAGATCTCCGTGCACAGCAGATCTCGGTTGGGCTGGCTTCTGTCTCCCTGAATGCGCCGACGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 343369_343450
CACGTATTCGCCGCTACGTCACTGGCAGGCCGGGCCGGGTAAAAAAGTGGGCGTGGTCGGCATCGGCGGTCTGGGACATAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1787822_1787903
TGATGCGCGCATTGCGGCGATTGATTACACCCTCGCCCACGATGACGGCATTTCGTTGCGCAATCTGGACCAGGCTCAGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4018007_4018088
TGAAACCCAGGTCAGCATCGAAAATGACGCCCGCTCGCGGATGCAGCCGGATGTCATCGTGCGCCTGCCGCAGGGAAAAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2872096_2872177
TGACGCCGCTCGTCCTTGTTTGCATCAGGATGACCTCGCGCGATTGTTGGCGTTGAGCGAAACCAGCCGCACGGGGGGGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2314785_2314866
TCATTATTCGCGATCAGGATCGCGAAGTGCTGGTAAACAAGAAACTCAAGCAGGCGCAGCGTCTGTATGAGAAAAACCAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2424083_2424164
CGCCGATTCAGGTGTTGGGCCTGAGCAAGCAGGAAGCGCGCGAGCGGGCGGTGAAGTATCTGGCAAAAGTCGGGATAGACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2830256_2830337
GATGCACCTTGCGCCGACCTCCAGCACCGTCAATACCCTGATGATGGGTGACGCGCTGGCGATGGCGGTCATGCAGGCGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3278221_3278302
CTCGTCTGATGCGCAAGCACACTGACGTAATTGCGATGACCAACGGTATGAACGTGGCTAATGCGTTGCTGGAAGCGGAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1202557_1202638
GGCCGGAGCATGGAAAGAAGTTGGATATTCTGAGGTTGATTTGAGCACAGCAGAAACGTATCCCTGCCCTGTACCCTGTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4486729_4486810
ATGTGTTCCTCGCGCAAATTCGACCAAAAGGTAATGCACGTCCTTCTGTGGTGGTGGCCGATTCCGGACATTTAACCCAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2001390_2001471
TGGAGCAGGAACTTGGCCGCAACGCCACGGAAACTGAGGTAGCGGAACGTTTAGGGATCGATATTGCCGATTATCGCCAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3924649_3924730
TGACCTCTAATGAAATTTATCCGAACGGTATCTCCACCAGCCTGCCGTTCGATGTGCAGATGCAAATCGTCCGCTCTATGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3286608_3286689
ACGTGAAGACCAGCTCATCAGCTTTCGCTCCGAAGAGATAAATGAGACAGAGTGCGAACGGGTAACGAACCTGATTGCGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 760067_760148
CTACCGCCGTCACGGCCACAACGAAGCCGACGAGCCGAGCGCAACCCAGCCGCTGATGTATCAGAAAATCAAAAAACATCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3513097_3513178
CGAACTGAGCCGCGATATTGCCCAGCGTTTCAACGCGCTGTATGGCGAGATCTTTAAGGTGCCGGAGCCGTTTATTCCGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1347906_1347987
AAAGCTGGTGTATGACCAGGTTTCTGACTGGCTGGAAAATACCGGTGACTGGCAGCCTGAAAGTGAAGCAATTGCCGAACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3935731_3935812
CCCAGTGAATACCGGCTTTACTGAGAACGCCGATCTGTTTGGCTGGTTTGGTATTGGTCGTCCGCTGGGCGTACCGACGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 653025_653106
GGTTGGGTAAACCCATTGTTGAAGTGGTCAGGCCCGCCGATTTCTTTACCGAACAGATTGATGAAAAACGTCAGGATGTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4538173_4538254
CAATGCTCACTATTTTGACAAAAAAGCAGAAGATTATTTCTTCAATAAGTTTCTGTTGTCTTTTGATCCCTCAACACAGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 894301_894382
AAAGCTGCGGTGTCTCTTTCCTGGATGCGCCAGAAGAAGTTTTTGCTACCGTGTTGAATTATCTCGGCAAAGATCCCAACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3588606_3588687
CGATGCCAAGCTGCGCGTGCAGATGCGTCTTGAACTGCAACAGTTGCACCGTCGCCTGAAAACGACTTCACTCTACGTTAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3359868_3359949
AGCTGGACGATCTGCTGAGTGATTACGATGCCGTGTTCCTTGGCGTCGGGACTTATCAGTCAATGCGCGGCGGGCTGGAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1343932_1344013
TCACTATCATCACGGTCAGCAGCTACATCGCGCATTTGCTGAAAGACGCGCCTTGTGAAGTTATTTTGCTCGGTGGCGTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2550056_2550137
ACCTGAGCGGCTTTGTTGACGGTACGGAAAACCCGGCGGGTGAAGAGACGCGTCGCGAAGTGGCGGTTATCAAAGACGGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2622514_2622595
CGGCGTTTGTCTCCCACTATGCCGGGCGTTTGCTGAACATTCACCCTTCTCTGCTGCCGAAATATCCCGGATTACACACCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2901191_2901272
TGCCAATAACGAAGAAAAACAGTCATTCCAGCTTAGCGACATCCTGGCCGTTTTGCGTATCAGCACCACCTGGTATTGCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4424004_4424085
GGGCGCAGGCGGGGCTGGCGATCCCGGCGTTAGGCACCACGCACGCCGACTACTTCTTTGGCGACATTCCGTGTACGCGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1947742_1947823
TGCTGAAGTGCGTCATGCATTTAGCAAATGTGGCGGTAACCTCGGTACTGATGGTTCCGTTGCCTATCTGTTCAGCAAAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1381322_1381403
AAGCTGCGCGTGCAAATGCGCGCAGAGATCAGCAAGCTGCATCAGAAACTGAACACCACCATGATCTACGTGACCCACGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 940035_940116
CGCTGTACGGTACGGGTCAACTGCCGAAATTTGCTGGCGATCTGTTCCATACTCGTCCGCTGGAAGAAGAAGCAGACACCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2802381_2802462
TCAACGCCCGTGATTTCTTCCAGCGACTGGCAGAAATCCAGTTTGAGTCCGGCTATCCCTACATCATGTATGAAGACACGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 861351_861432
GAGCAACGATTTCCTCGACGCCTGCGTACAGGTGATCCGTTGCGGCTTCGGGATGCCGGCGTTCAACAACGACGAAATCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2706185_2706266
GCTTTAAGAAAGTCAAACCGCAGGTATACGCCGGTCTGTTCCCGGTAAGTTCCGACGACTATGAAGCCTTCCGTGACGCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4329760_4329841
TAACGCAACGAGGCCTACTGGTGCAGGCAGGTGATCAGAGCGAGCAAATTTTTACCCGCTGGCGTGCTGGGGCGTATAACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3003014_3003095
AACTGGAGATCCACTCCCCGCGCGGTGTTCGTTTCGTCCCGATTAATGGCTTTCACACCGGGCCGGGCAAAGTGTCTCTTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1890202_1890283
GAGCCAGACCGACGCTGGGAGAACCTTCTCGCGGTCGCATTTATGCCGATGTGAACGGTTTTCTGGACCCGGTGGATTTCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 997185_997266
GTGCGTTGAAAACCCTGCTCGACCTGCTGCCAGAACGCGCTTTGCAAGGCAAAGTGGTGCTACCGCTGGCGACGGGCGGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3747793_3747874
TTGTTGGCGGCCTGTTTGATGTGGTTTCCACCGCACTCTGCGCCGGGATCGAAGACGAATTTACCCTCAATGCGGTGATGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2212563_2212644
GACTGGAGAAAACGCTGGCGCGATTGCGTCAGGAGCGCAGCAAGCAGGATGTTTCGCTGTTACCGGAAAATCAACAGGCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2542056_2542137
GTGAATGGCTGGCGAAGTTTGATATCAAAGTCACCTATACATGGCTGGGGATTGCGGTGGCTATGGCCTTTACCAGCATTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1942078_1942159
GCATCTTTGGCTTTCCCCAGAGATAGCGCGGGCTACAGCGGTTGCAATCCATGGAAAATTAGTGGAACTTATGCCGCAAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4145104_4145185
CGACACGCCGTTCCTGATGAAAACCGCCGAAACCATTCGCTTCGGTACCGGTATTCCGCAAATCTTTAACGATGAAGTGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 425507_425588
AAACCGTTTATAGCGAAAAACCGGGCGCGGTTGCAGCCCCGACCGCAGGTCTGCATTTTGACGAGCCTTTGCTGGAAAAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 284145_284226
CATTCCGGCCATCGCCCACGCGGCGGGCTGCACGATCCCGGACGTTGAGCACTGGACGCGCATCAACCGTAAAGTGCCGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 928295_928376
CTCAACCCGGCGCGTTAATTGCCCTGTTTGTCTTCTGCGCGTTAGCCGCGTTTGAAGCACTGGCACCAGTAACGGGTGCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4348035_4348116
CTCCGTACCGGAAAACCGTGAGTATGTTTACGGTGATACCGCGACGCTGCTGGATAAAAAACTGCCGAAAAGCAACTGGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2171576_2171657
CGCGTAACCACGCCTTTTTGTTCGAGAAAGCGCAAATCGGCACGGATTGTCGCTTCCGAGGCAGCAAATACTCCCGCCAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3047565_3047646
CGATGCTGCGCGACGACGAAATCCTCACCCATCCGGTGTTTAATCGCTACCACAGCGAAACCGAAATGATGCGCTATATGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3282514_3282595
TGGCCAGCTGCCTCGCGGTTTTCGCACCTGAGACGATCAACAGCCAAACCTTCCGCGACGTGGCGGATCGTTGCCAGGCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 291778_291859
GTTGTGTGACGAAAGCGGGAACTATCCGGCTCTGTTGAACCATTGGGAAACCAAGGTTTTTGAGATCGAAACCAAACGTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 14694_14775
TCTTCGCTGTACAGCAGACCTGTCCACACTGTCAGGGCCGCGGTACGCTGATCAAAGATCCGTGCAACAAATGTCATGGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1374472_1374553
CGCTTTTCAAAATCATCACCGCGCTTGGCATTTACGACACTGAGATGGCGCTGATCATCACCATGGTGACGCAAACTCTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4146658_4146739
TTGCTACCCGTTTTTTACAGCGACTGCGGCTGTGGGGTGTGTCATGCGCCATTGAAACTGCCGGAGACGCACCAGCCAGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2842454_2842535
TACATGTCGCACGAACCATGAAGGCCCGATAAGCGCAGCGCATCGGGCAATTTAGCATTTGGCATCAGAGCTGGTTCACCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3323362_3323443
GTGTAAACATCAATGCCGAAGTGGGGGCTACCGACGTTCGCGCGCTCCAGGCTCGTGTGCTGGCTGAAAAAGCGGATCTCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1240103_1240184
ACCGCACAGGCGTTCTACATAAAACGCTTACGCTTCATTGTTGACTCGAACTCGACTTCAGATAAATCACGCTTTACCCTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2764306_2764387
ACGGGACTTACCCCACATCCTTACGCCATTTAGAGCGCCTATGGCTTCGGTCTGCGCTAAGCGTAAAGGCCAGGTTCTACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 654163_654244
TATTTGATTATCTCATTAAGCCCATTGCCTATGAACGGCTGGGGCAAACGCTAACCCGTTTCCGCCAGCGTAAACATATGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1536238_1536319
GTTGACGTTGATTGGCGGCGCAGGACTGCTGTGGCGCAGGCTGACAAATCAGCGCGTGCGTGCCACTTCCACTACGCCGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3838670_3838751
TTTATTGGTGACACACGGTAATCCGACGTCATTATCGATCTCTCCTGCCGCGTTGTTCTGGGGCATTGCCTCGGCATTTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3432959_3433040
TCATCCCCGCCGTCATGCCCGACTGGCTGCCAGTCTGCTTGAACAGGGGGGCGCTCTCGTCTCGGAATTTCCCCTCGATGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 467782_467863
TCTATAGCGGTTTTCGTTATCAGATAATCGATGTCAAAAAAATGCCACTCGGCAGCGTCACCAAGATCTGCTTCTGTGGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3457314_3457395
TTACCGCCGATGAACAGACTAACTCTCTGGTCATTACCGCTGACCAGTCCGTCCAGGAAAAACTCGCCACGGTAATTGCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 985075_985156
CGGTATCGACCCTACGCTGGAACAATGGCAAACACTGGCACAACTCTCCGTTGAGAAAGGCTGGTTACCGCTGTTTGACTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2503198_2503279
TGTTCCGTACCGAAATGCTCTATATGGATCGCGACAGCGCGCCGGACGAGCAGGAGCAATTTGAAGCCTACCAGCAGGTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 716233_716314
AGGCGTGCGGGCTTTACCCATCGCTGACGATGTCGCAGGGGTAATTTTTGCTCTTAATGGTGGCGATCTTGGGGAAGATAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 426661_426742
TCTCGGAAACAAAAATGCGCTGTTTGGTATCATCCAGGGCAGCGTTTACGAAGATTTACGTGATATTTCTGTTAAAGGTCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1761116_1761197
CCGGGGCACGGTTCACTATCAACGTCGCAGCGAATGCCCACTTGCAGCATATCAAGCTGGCGTTTGAAAACCCGCTCAGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3285834_3285915
GGGAATTTGCTCATCATTTGCCAGCCAGGGAAACCTGCTGGGGCCGATTCTATTTTTCGCCGTTTACCTGCTTATCTTTTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1072478_1072559
GCAGCTGCAGGGGAAATTGCTGGCGAAAGGCTCCTGGGATTATCAACTGGTGGATGAACTGGTGCCGCAGCCTGGCGATAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4086393_4086474
GGAGCAACTTAATGACATCGGAAAACCGGTGCAGCCGCTACCGTTCACCCAGACGTTTGATCTCAACAAACTGGATGATGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4468934_4469015
GGCAAAAAATTGATGAGATTCCGTTTGATTTCGAGCGTCGCCGGATGTCGGTGGTAGTGGCAGAAAATACCGAGCACCATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4090351_4090432
CGAAGATAAAGTGGTCGGCAAGGCGTTGGATAACCGCATCGGCTGCGCAATGATGGCTGAACTATTGCAGACGGTGAATAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1974303_1974384
CCGTGATTTGCAGGAATCAGTGATGTCGATTCGCATGATGCCGATGGAATATGTTTTTAGTCGCTATCCCCGGCTGGTGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1702694_1702775
GGCCTTTTTAGCCCACCGTGACCAGATTACCGCACTTGATTTAGCCGGTGATGAACTTGGTTTCCCGGGAAGTCTGTTCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1591476_1591557
GCTGCTGGCGAAAGAACTTGGGTTGAATGTTCCGGACGCAGAAATCATTAAAGCGGGAAATGTGCGCGCGTTAGCGGTCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1900768_1900849
GCGTACTGCCGATGCCATCCTGCGTTTGATGGGCGGGAAACGTCAGGCCAATGTTCAGCACGATGCCGATAACCCGATGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4258392_4258473
TGCAACATTGCTGATTGGTCTGCTAATGGTGCGTAAAATCCTCAAACTACGCGGAATTTCCGGCGAAATGCTGAAAACTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1696718_1696799
CTATATGGTCGAGTCCATTGTCTCTCTCACCCATGAAGCCTTTGGACAACGGGCGCTGGTGGTTGAAATTATGGCGGAAGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 659161_659242
AGGACGCTCCCTCAATATCTTGTTCGATACAAAAAACCCGCTTCAAAAAGCGGGTTTTTTATCAGACAGATGTAAGTAATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2666036_2666117
AGCCTGTACCACCTGATGAGCCACTGTTTATGGCACTACTTTTTTCCATGTTGCGGGTTCCCGATCCATTGCGGGATGCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1097158_1097239
CACGAAAAAAAAGCCCGTACTTTCGTACGAGCTCTTCTTTAAATATGGCGGTGAGGGGGGGATTGACTCGCTTCGCTCGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1826400_1826481
CGCAATTCGTGGCTCCTTGCATCCGCAGTTCGGTGTATTACCGCAACGCGACATTCCCTGGGACGAGAAATTTCTGACGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3583634_3583715
TGAGGCCAACGCCCATAATGCGGGCTGTTGCCCGGCATCCAACGCCATTCATGGCCATATCAATGATTTTCTGGTGCGTAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3819143_3819224
GGTGCTCGATGCGCTCGGACTGGTGGTCTTTTCTATCATCGGGGCACAGGTTGCACTGGATATGGGGCACGGCCCAATTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1087144_1087225
GCGAGTATTCCTCAATTATTGGTTTGATCAAGCGAACCCAGCGTATCTATGGAAACGTATTTACCGTTTCCGGTGTTATTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3910966_3911047
CGCAGATGGCTCCGGGACTTCCTTCGTCTTCACCAGCTACCTGGCGAAAGTGAACGAAGAGTGGAAAAACAACGTTGGTAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3505438_3505519
TAACCGATGACAACTATGCGGTGATGAAGGTGGCTCGAATCGGCTGTGAATGCGGCGCGAATGTCTCGACATTTTCCTGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2368991_2369072
TACTCATCCTCGGGGTGAATGGCTTTATTGGCAACCATCTGACAGAACGCCTGCTGCGCGAAGATCATTATGAAGTTTACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3851901_3851982
CACCAACTATATTTTGCAGGAGGCGGATTTGTTGATAGTGCTCGGTGCGCGTTTTGATGACCGGGCGATTGGCAAAACCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2265697_2265778
TCTTTATGGATAAAGAAGACTATACCCCGTATACCTTCACCAAAGATCAGATTGAAGAAGAGTTGCTGTTTATGCCAGAGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3171119_3171200
ACCCAGCGAAGTGCGGCCACTGGTTGAGTCGCTAAATCAACTGTTCGCCCGCACACATGCGATGATGGTTCGTGAACGACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1050707_1050788
GAGCATAAGATAAATCTTAGCAAAATACAAATTAAAGATAAGGAAATTGTTACGAAAGCTATTAATTATTGTTGGTAATAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1096297_1096378
CAGTAGCGAAAAAAGTAAAATATAAAAGTCTGACTCGCTATGTGCTGCTTTCGGTGTGCATCTCAACGGTTGTTAACCTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 437609_437690
GAAAGCGCGTTATATCGGCGCGTCATCAATGCACGCTTCGCAGTTTGCTCAGGCACTGGAACTCCAAAAACAGCACGGCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 927041_927122
CGATCGCGAAGAAGGAACCTGGATCACGCGTGGCGTGGTCGAAGCCTACCATCGCCTTCACGAACTCGGCCATGCCCACTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1769591_1769672
TCAGTGCCCTGCTGTACTGGCGCGGTGAACAGGTGGCACAAGGCATTCGCCATTTTGCAACCCGTCTGGCAGGCGTTCGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 556253_556334
GTGTGTTTATTGGACGCCGATGGTTCAGGGCTGGGCTGATTCGCTGCTGGCTGTTTTTAACCGTCTCGTTGCTATCGCACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 536986_537067
TGGTTGGCGGTGATGAAGCGGTATTTGAACGTGTTAAACCGCTGTTTGAACTGCTCGGTAAAAATATCACCCTCGTGGGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3753492_3753573
CTCCGTGAAGTCATCGGCGGCGGAACAAAAACAGATCCAGAGCCAGCTGGATAGCCTGGTGTTGGGTGAACATTCTCAAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 6032_6113
CGTACTCCGCCCGCTCGATTTAATGCAGCCTTATCGTCTGGAAATGGGGATCCGTCTTGAGAATGCCCGAGGGAAAGATCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 596247_596328
GGCTCGCGGGGTGATAGAAAGTACCCGCAGCGACATCGCTAAACGTCAGGGGGAACTGGCGCAGGCGAATAATGCATTGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2814436_2814517
TAGAGATTATCGATATCTCGCCAATGGGCTGCCGCACCGGTTTTTATATGAGTCTGATTGGTACGCCAGATGAGCAGCGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3928838_3928919
CGCGCAACGATGCGCAGATGGAAACCTTCCGCACCATGGTGCGCGAACCGGCGACGGTTCCTGAGCAGGTTGATGGTCTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 212941_213022
ATTTTGCCGAAGCAACGGCCCGCAGCGCCGCACTTTGTGCTGAACAAGAGAGCCTGCTGGATGAACTGCTGGCAGATGATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3389945_3390026
GATCCGCGTCGGCGCGTTGCAGGATTCCAGCCTGTTTTCCCGCCGTCTGGGCGCGATGCCAATGGTGGTGTGCGCCGCGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2918676_2918757
ACTGGCCGGGGAAGAAGAGGCCGAGTCTATTGTGGCACTGGCGCAACGCTTCCCGCAGGCGCGTATTACGCTCGATCCTAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1501030_1501111
CAATGGCCTGTGGTGCGTTGGGCTACACCGACGCCGGTCTGGTGTTTTTAGGCGCAGGCGTTTTCTCATGGCTAAGCCTTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3356916_3356997
TTGAAGCGGTCGGTCTACACGATGATGTAGTGGGCCTGTGCTTCCAGGGGGCGGTCAGCCGCATTGGTGGAGCAAGCTTTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3367245_3367326
AATATACCTTAAATGGCGGAGGTTATATTAGCCAGACAACGCGCTTATTCGGCTTAGGGAAAACAAAAGATAATAAAAATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2083430_2083511
GATGAAACCCCTGGTGCACGTTTCCGGAATGTTTGGAGCATGGCGCGGCAATACCAGCTGGGTGGCACCGCTGGCGTGGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3180962_3181043
ACACGGTGGAAGATCGCGGAACCATTCAGTATTTGCAGGACTGCGCAACGGAAGCTGAAATTGCTACTGAGTTCCTCTACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4122820_4122901
AACAGCGTCAGCAAACGCTACAGCGCCAACGTCAGGCGCAGCAATTAGCGGAACAGCAACGCCTGGCTCAGCAGTCGCGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3489531_3489612
GGTGGTTGAGCCGATCCAGGGCGAGGGCGGTGTGACGGCAGCGACGCCAGAGTTTTTGCAGGGCTTGCGCGAGCTGTGCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4412667_4412748
CCAAAACGGCATTTTATGCCGATGTTCCGAAGAATATGACTCAGCAGAACTGTCAGTCTAAGTACGAAAATTGCTACTACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3906110_3906191
TTACCCGAAAGAGTTCCAGCTAGGGGAAGAAGCGTTAACCATTATTGATAAACGGTTGGGCGTGCAGTTACCGAAAGATGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2813346_2813427
CTATCTGCTTCCTGATTGTCTGGGAGCTGACCGACGATAACCCGATAGTCGATCTGTCGTTGTTTAAGTCGCGCAACTTCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 918585_918666
CACGCTTGAGCTGACCATGATGATCTCAATGGATAAAGAAGGTGACAGCACAATCCTGTTCCGCAACAGCGAAGGTATTCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4463842_4463923
ACGCGGCTCTGACAGGCAGTGAATTGTCGATGACCTTTAATTTTCATCACCTGAAGGTCGATTATCCCGGTGGTGAAAAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2438408_2438489
ACCACAGCAGCGCGAGGCGACCGACCGTCCTTTATTACCGGCGGAGCACAATGCGCTAAAACAGCTGGTGACCAAACTTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3361519_3361600
AAAAAGCTTATGATACTCTCGTAGATATGAAGGGAACGAAAAACGCCTTTGGTTTAGGTTCTGCGCCTAATGGACAAAAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1122045_1122126
GATGGAACCTCTGCGCCAGCGCCTGACTGCGCTGAAAGTCGTTTTTGAGCACATCACCACCAAAGATGCTGCCGACTATGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 647720_647801
TTCAGGAGCAGGCTGCACTGGTTTCCGCCAGCGGGCCGGAGGGCATGTTGAGCATTGCCGCCCCGGCTCGCGACCTCAAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1288164_1288245
GGTTGAGCGTTTTGATATTCCGTTTGAGCTGGTAAGCCATGAAGGGTTAACCCGCAACGAGCACGATCAAAAGATGGCGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 763558_763639
TGGGCCTGGCGACCATTTTCCTGGAGCGCGACCTGGCGTTGATCGAAATCAACCCGCTGGTCATCACCAAACAGGGCGATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2216905_2216986
ACGTGTGGGAGTGGCGCGTGCACTGGCTGCCGATCCGCAAGTCTTACTAATGGATGAACCTTTTGGCGCACTGGACCCGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 314753_314834
TCTTCGCTGGAAATGCTTTATCCGATTTATGATACGCCGACAAATATGTTGTTCACTCAGGGGGCAATACATCGTACAGAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4140931_4141012
TTGGTTTGTTCCGCACTGAAATGCTCTATATGGATCGCACCAGCGCACCGGGCGAAAGCGAGTTGTACAACATTTTTTGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3001435_3001516
TGCTTGATGACGCCGCGACAGCGTTAGGTATTGATCCTGTTGAAATTCGTTTACGCAACGCCGCCCGCGAAGGAGATGCTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4398296_4398377
CCCACATCAGGTGGACGTCAACGTGCACCCCGCCAAACACGAAGTGCGTTTCCATCAGTCGCGTCTGGTGCATGATTTTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2860811_2860892
AGTCACTGACTGTGGTCACAAACGATTTCGTTATTGCGGACTACTTGCTCGACAACAGTAATTGCACAATTATTCACACTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2474405_2474486
TTAACGGCGAGCGTAACTCCCAGAAATCACTGGCAGAATGGATTGAAGACTGGGCCGACTACCTTGTGGGCTTTGATGCTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1707991_1708072
ACTGTCTGTTGGCTCCCTCTGCCAATGAACTTGGCGAACCACAGGAAGAACAAAGCTGCATCCGGTGTAGCGCCTGTGCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2427361_2427442
TGCGGCCAAAGGTTCACCGATTCAGCCAACGCTGGATTCACTGAAAGGTAAACATGTTGGTGTGCTGCAGGGATCAACCCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 884250_884331
CTGAAACCGCCACGCGTATAGGCGAGAAACTGTCACTGAAAGAACTCGGTCGTGACTATAAGCTGGTGCTGAAGAACGGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 417447_417528
TATCACCAAGCCGTTTTCGCCGAAGGAGCTGGTGGCGCGAATCAAAGCGGTAATGCGCCGTATTTCGCCAATGGCGGTGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2147077_2147158
GGCGATGGCGGCAAAATTGACCGCCAGAGTGGCACAGCTTTATGGCGAACGGCTGGATGATTTTCCGGAGTATATCTGCTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3194585_3194666
CGCTAAAAAGTGCAAATGATCAGGTTGTTGCAGCATTTTGCGTGACGGCTCGGGGAAGGCAAAACTGCATCAGAGAAAGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3327310_3327391
GTGTGGACTTTCTTCAGGGCGATTTTCGTGATGAACTGGTGATGAAAGCACTGCTGGAGCGCGTTGGCGACAGCAAAGTCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 959414_959495
CGACATCACACTCAATCTGATGAAGACGTTTGGTGTTGAAATTGAAAATCAGCACTATCAACAATTTGTCGTAAAAGGCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2357314_2357395
GGATGAGTTTGACGATCCGCAACTTGCCCGGCAGTTGTACACCGAAGCTTTTCTGTTGGTGGATATCACCATCGTACCTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1062435_1062516
GCATCAGGCATTATGGCGCAGTTGCCGGATGCGGCGTGAACGTCTTATCCGGCCCACAGGAACTGTAATCTTTGTAGACCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3816152_3816233
GCTGGGTGAGTTCACCATTACGCTGGACTGCGACGTGCTTCAGGCTGATGGTGGCACGCGTACCGCGTCGATTACGGGTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3606025_3606106
TCTATTTCGCCAGTCAGATGACGCTCTCTTTCTTCTGGCCTCTACCACTGGTGCTGCTGGTTCTGGGTGCGCTGTTACTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 507644_507725
AATCGCGATGGTTCTTCAGGCGACGCAGGCACAAAAACTGGGGCTGCGGGCAGAATACGGTATCGATTACCAGCTATTGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3445834_3445915
TTATCGGTGTTACCGAAGGCTTCACTAAGAAGCTGCAGCTGGTTGGTGTAGGTTACCGTGCAGCGGTTAAAGGCAATGTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4549220_4549301
GGGTGGCGATTAAAGCTGGCTCATTAATTGCCGTGCTTATTTTGCGACAGACCAACAACTATAACAGCGATGATTTCCAGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1785884_1785965
GAACCGCATCGAACCTGGCGACGTGCTGGTTACTGACATGACCGACCCGGACTGGGAACCGATCATGAAGAAAGCATCTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1992504_1992585
CATGGTGCTGGTAACCGAGCATTATCACAGCTGGTGGGTGACATTACCGGCGGCAACGATGATCGCCCGTGAAATTATTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3152790_3152871
CAACACCTGGGCAGCCGGTGTGCTGTTTAAGGCGCTGGATTTTGGCATCGATGTTTCTATTCAAGCCGCCACCAAATATCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1693537_1693618
CATTGAATATCAGTCTGCAAACCCTGAAACGGAATCGCCCGCTGTTTATGTTGTGCATCGGTGCGCTGTGTGTGCTGATTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 582440_582521
CATAAAATTAGCCATGATGTTTTTGAACCTTATCCCGCGGCGTTACATGGTCAATTTGATTCCATTTCCATGTCTTACCTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3574287_3574368
ATATGCGTGAGTTATTAACCCAGATGGGCCATCTGTATGGCCATGTGGCAGATGAACTCGCGACCCCGTCCTCTGCTATTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1578460_1578541
GGCATCGTTTAATGAATCGTCAGCGGTGGCTTGATTACTGGCAGAATATTTATTCGCGCTCGCTTAGCGTTCTTCCCTACT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4526458_4526539
TGCGCGGGTAAAGGTCATCTGCAACGACATTAAAATCGCCAATGAACTGGGCTGTTTTCCCCATGTGGAAAGTTACATTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2172314_2172395
GAATAAAAACGTTATTATTATTGGTGCCGGAACCATTGGCCTGCTGGCCATTCAGTGCGCTGTCGCGCTGGGAGCAAAGAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2560538_2560619
GGAGCAAGCCTGGCGTGGCAACCTGCGCTACCTGGACACATTAAACCGACTTGATGAAGTATTGCCCCGCAAACTGTACGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1656425_1656506
ATCGCCGCGCAGAATTTCAGATAATTATCTCCCCGGAGTATCAGGGGAAAGGTCTGGCAACCCGTGCCGCCAAATTAGCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3721584_3721665
TACTGAATTTGCAGTCAATGGGCGCAAGCTGTATTTGTCTCCAGTAATAGATCTCTTCAACAACGAAGTTATTTCTTACAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 172414_172495
TGCTACTGTGGCTGTTGCCGCGTTTACGCAGCATTAGCGCGCCGGATATGAAGGTCAACGATCGTGTCGCGGCTGAACGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3257305_3257386
GTTCGCTACCGCCGCTGGGGCTGCTGGTGAAAAACGCCATTATTACGCTGCCGTTTACCCTGACGTCGATTCTGTTTATCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2895310_2895391
CGCCACGTTGCCCTCTGGAATGCAACAACTGAACATTGTCCCGGGTGCGCTTCCGGACTGGCTGGTTAGCACAGAGGATCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4238643_4238724
AATATCGTGATTCGCGCGAAGGGATCATCCGTGCGAATCGGATCGTGATGAACGATCTGCCGGATGGGATCAAAACGATCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 132874_132955
GACCCGTGATGAACTGAAAGACCTGGCGTGCCTGGGCTTCTCGGCTGACCTGGTGATGCAGTCTTTCTGCCACACCGCGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4434518_4434599
GGTCTACGGTGCATGGCTTGTAGGGCGGATAAGATGCGCCAGCATCGCATCCGCCAATAAATGCCGGATGCGGTTGATGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2791958_2792039
TGTCGTTTACCGGTTCGACCGAAATTGGCCGCCAGTTAATGGAACAGTGCGCGAAAGACATCAAGAAAGTGTCGCTGGAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2000709_2000790
ATTGCAAAACGCAGAGTGATTTTTTCGATATTATCGGCTTTAAGCAATTTCTTTTTGAGCAAACTGAAATGAGCCCAGGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1116083_1116164
GCGGCAGTTTGGTATGCAGGAACCGGGTATTGGCGTTTATCGCCCGAACGATAATCCACTGATTGACTGGCTACAAACCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1052786_1052867
TCTATATCGCGTTATTGATGCCCGCTCAGGCGATTCACTATTTTATGTTGTCGCCCTACAGCGTGGTGATGGACGTTAAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1203507_1203588
TGCAAATGGCGTCTTTGTGTCTCTTCCTGACGTCGAGGATGTGGACAACGCCGATATTAACCAGCGTCTGCTGGAAGTCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1684684_1684765
GGTGCATCGTCATTTGCCGGGGCTGATCACCCTTAATGCTTACCGCACGCTCACCGTTCTGCACGACCCCGCCACTTTACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 829434_829515
CTCGCGCGACCAGGCGCAGGCAACGCTGAAATCAGCACAGGATAAATTGCGTCAGTACCGTTCCGGTAACCGTGAACAGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4051562_4051643
TCCATTGGGCGTGACTGAAAAAGTCACCAAACAGCACAAACCGAAGAGTGAGAAACCTATGCTTTCACCGCAGGCGGAGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2034608_2034689
TTCCGGTAGTGGTGATGGCCGTAGCCTTTCCAAAGAAAATGGTGATGGTTTCGGTATGTCAACATCCTACGACTTCGACTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3645767_3645848
GTTCTGAATTTCAGAAAGATAGCCGTGCGCGTGTCGAAAAAGCCGACGGTTTCCAGCAGCTTAAGGCCAAACTGCCGCCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2433430_2433511
TGCACGTTTCGTGCGTGCCGTTGAGCAGGCGCTGGAAGATAACTGCCCGCTGATCTGCTTCTCCGCCTCTGGTGGCGCACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 516933_517014
ATTTATCCCGATGCAGGTGATCCCTATCGCCGGGATGATTGCCGGTAACGCCATGGTAGCGGTGGGGTTGTGTTACAACAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3269870_3269951
GTACATCAGGTAAAACTGACCGATAAGCCGCTTTCTTTTGGGTATAGTGTCGTGGACAGTCATTCATCTTTCTGCCCCTCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2660885_2660966
TATCGACCTGAGCCAGTTGAAAGTTGACCTGATGTCTTTCTCCGGTCACAAAATCTATGGCCCGAAAGGTATCGGTGCGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2865744_2865825
TGCAACTGGCTCCGGCCAGTGAGGAAGGCGCGACAAAATTAAGCGATAAAATAAATCCACCGGGCGTCGCGCTGGTCACCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1628656_1628737
CGAGCATGATTACCGAAAGCCAGTGCTATCAACTGGAACAAAATCTTCACCAGCAACGCATTGCCATTGAGCGCAAGCAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3613223_3613304
AGGCGAAGTCGGCTGCGATATCGAAGTGATTCGCCCGCGCGCCAACTGGCGCTGGCTGGCGAACGCCGTATTCAGCCTCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 271139_271220
AGCGCTACACCACCTGAATATACAGCATCTGCGACGGTCGCATAGCCTTCGCCATGGCAGGCGTCATACCCGCAAAGGCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1637494_1637575
CTGCATTGGTTTAATAAAAACCATCAACAATTGTGATTTAGATATTCGGAACCATTCAAATATAACAAAACCCCGTAAAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3587702_3587783
CGAATATCGAAATCAAACCCACCACCGGCACCGGGCCATTAACGGGCAAAATGGTGGCGCTGGCGGCACGCGAGCTGTGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4290104_4290185
GTGCGTTGACGTCTGCCCGACCGGTGCGTCTTTTCGCGATGCTGCCAGTGGGATTGTCGATGTTAATCCGGATCTCTGCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4157497_4157578
GGGCTTTGCTTCGGCGACCCGTAACAGTCTCGACAGCGTTTCTGACCGTGACCATGTGTTGGAACTGCTTTCTGCTGCCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4631662_4631743
ATCTACTTCGCTTATTGAACGCCGTGTACGAATGGCGCTTGGCACCGGCGATCGTCGCGGCCTGAATACCTGGCTGGCGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 317607_317688
TAACAGGGAGTGATATTGATCTTCACTCTGTCATATCTCCGGTAATATGGCGTCAGGCTTCATCATCAGAAAGGGGGCCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 370710_370791
TGCCCGGTTTCCAGCGTACCCGCATGTTGGGTGAAGCCATTGGACGTTTCACCAGCACTCTCAATAAACGCGTGCTGTTCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3717758_3717839
TTGTCGGGATGGGACGGATCGGCATGGCGCTGGCACAACGTGCGCACTTTGGCTTCAACATGCCCATCCTCTATAACGCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 388181_388262
CAGCGGTATTGCGGCCTATGAGGCGCTCTCTGTTCCCTTCCGCCAGCTGCTGAGTGGGCTGCGTGCGGAGCATGATTTCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2040761_2040842
AAGTTACGCATTGCTGGAGCTGGGCGTGAATAATCTGGCGTTATTAGGTAAGGAGTTAATTACCCGGCCTTATTTAACGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 899042_899123
ACATATGGCGATTATGGAAGGGGAGACGGAGATCTACCTGACCGAACAACAGGCACTGGCGGAGCGTTTTAATGACGTACC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2038448_2038529
TAAAACCTTTTTCATTTTCTGAGTTGCTGGCAAGGGTTCGGGCACAATTAAGGCAACATCACGCTTTGAATTCAACATTAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2006860_2006941
TGCGGTCAAACATATTCCAGCCTGGTTTTATAAAGAGTGGATCGAACACGTACAGGAAGTTGCGCCAAAGCCGCTGTTTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2750372_2750453
TCGCGCTGGAGAAATTCATCAACGAATTGCTGCCGGTGATTGATAGCCTGGATCGTGCGCTGGAAGTGGCTGATAAAGCTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3090661_3090742
CTGCGCTAAAGATCCGGTCTATCGCAAGATGGAAAGCGATATGCATAACCTGCAGCCGTCAGTCGGTGAGGTGAATGGCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1433340_1433421
GGAACAACTGACCGAAACAGGTATCAGAGTGCATTGCTTAGCATTGGGTGGCATTGACCTGACCAGTCCAACAGGAAAAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4230751_4230832
ATGAGAAAGAGTATCTGGTGACGGTCGATAAACCGATTACCGAGGAGTTTATTCGCGGCATGAGTGCGGGGGTGCCAATCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2930220_2930301
CATGCGCGGCGGTATTGAGCGCGGTATTTCCACCGAAGGCGTGTTGCCTGGCAAACTGCGCGTTCCACGCCGTGCTGCGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1133139_1133220
GTCAGGGTAATGCTCATGACATGAGCGTCTACTTTGTGAAGACCGGGGATAATAACTGGCAGGTCTACACCCAGGATAGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3761612_3761693
GCGGGTGCGCAAAATTGAGGCACTGGCGGATGGCATTATGGATGCCGGGCTGGTATCGGTGCGTGAACAGGCGCGTCCAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1534407_1534488
GACGCTAACCGCGCCGATTCGTTTAGTTTCCGATCTCGTGCAGACCACGCCACACGGAGAGTATCGGTTGTTGCAGGAGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4633450_4633531
GGTGGCGATTGAAGCTGGCATCGATGGTGACAGCACTTTCAGTTGGGTGGTGATTGAAAACGCCAGCCAGCGCGGCGAGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1290709_1290790
ATTACAGGAACTACAACCGCCGGTTCAGCAGGTGATTTCCCATTGCCGGGTTAATTATCGTCAATTGGTTGCCGCGGACAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1837940_1838021
GCTGTTGATGCTGTTACTCGCCGCCTACGTTTTGCTGAGCTATCTGCTATGGCGCAGCTGGCGGCGCACTATTCCCCGCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1390195_1390276
AGGTGAAACCGTTTATCGCTGGAACAGCGCCGCTGAAGAACGCGATGTCGTATTACTGACAGGTGACAAACCTGGCTCCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3362410_3362491
TGAAACGCGTAACGTTCGAAGGTATTCCACCAAAAGATGACAAGAGCAGCAGAGTTACTGTTTCAATTCGTCAGGATCTAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 367964_368045
GTTTCAGCCGCTTATCCTTTCACCGGGCAATGGTCGGGCGACGTTTGCCGCTTCTGAAAACCGCCTCGGGCCTGACCTGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 445199_445280
TGTCAGATGCGGCATGAACGCCTGATTCGGCCTACAAAGGTTTGTAATTCAGAAACTTTGTAGGCCTGATAAGCGTAGCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 222090_222171
CCAAAGTATTGCTGTGTGATGAAGCCACCAGCGCGCTGGACCCGGCAACGACACGTTCTATTCTCGAACTGCTGAAAGACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2840213_2840294
CCTGTCATATATCGAACGCTGGGTGGACAGCATTACACCGGCGGTGACCAAAAACTTCCTCAAACCAATGCTGATTGTGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1376389_1376470
ACGGCGACCGCAAAATGGTGAGTGATTCCCTGCGCGTACTGGAACAGGTCGCCGCGCGTACCGGAACCGTGGTGTATCTCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2762406_2762487
ATTACACAGTCGCCCTTAGAAACGGTATTGGCTTGCATTTTGGCGCGCTACCGAGGGCACTGCAGCAATACACTGCCGACC
>Escherichia coli K-12 382087_382168
TGATAACGGAGAGAGACTGCGTGTCACGTTCGCGCTGGACTGCTGTGATCGTGAGGCACTGCACTGGGCGGTCACTACCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2960705_2960786
ACCTTATGATGAATCGAGCGGCTTAATTGCAGAACTGGTGGGGCATCTGGCTTCACTGCTAATGCAGCTAAACATCTGGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2414032_2414113
ATGTAACCCAGGAAGCGGCAAAAATGCTGAACAAACCGGTAGAAGAACTGAACATCATCACCTGCCACCTGGGCAACGGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2409122_2409203
GCAAATCGCTCAGGAGTACAAGGCTATTGAAAAAATCGCTCAGCAAAAACTGGTCGATATGGTTCCGGAAGAGCTGCGGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3665359_3665440
TTTTCTTGAGGATGAGCACTTTATACCGCTGCTTCTGAACGTTTTACAACCGAACATGCGAACACGAGTTTGTACGGTTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4308091_4308172
GCCGTCATGACATGAAAGTGGGGCTGATCCTTAACCCGGAGACGCCAGTTGAGGCCATGAAATACTATATCCATAAGGCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 998801_998882
GGCGAAAGACAGAGAAACCCTTTTCTTCACTAGCGTACGGGCAGTCCCTTCAACAACGAAGCGGAAAGAGGGAAATACCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4280765_4280846
TGCGCCGCTGGCAATGCGCCTGCGTGCAAACAGCACCTGGGCGATGCTGGAATTTGTCTTTAACGGCATGGTGTTCCTGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 986399_986480
TCTGGTTGATGGCCTGAACTTCGCTGTTCAGTACCTGGGTAAAAACGAGCGTGACACTGCACGCCGTTCTAACGGCGACGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2363965_2364046
GACCGTTGGCGGAAAAGGCGTTTACACCAACCCGAATTACGGCGATGAAGGTTATGCCGCAGCGGTAGGAGGTGGTTTGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3625557_3625638
CTGAAACTGTCCAGGTTTTGGGGGTCAGTTCATAAACGCCTTATCCGGCCTAAAAACAACTAAAATTCAATAAATTGCACC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3639224_3639305
AACGCCTTATCCGGCCTACAAAAACATGCAAATTCAATAGATTGCAGAGATTATGTAGGCCTGATAAGCGTAGCGCATCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3201478_3201559
TGCGCTCCCGTGTGCCAGATCTGGAAAATCAGGTCAAAACCCTGACCGATAAACTCACCAATATCGATAACACCTGGAATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3676160_3676241
AATATATTGAATTCGCAAGGATTTGTAGGCCGGATAAGGCGTTCACGCCGCATCCGGCATGAACAAAGCACACTTTGCCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 551390_551471
CAACCGGTGCCGCATCCGGCAATTGGTGCACAATGCCTGATGCGATGCTTGACGCATCTTATCAGGCCTACAATGGGTACC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1278613_1278694
GGTGCCGTTCCTTGCCATCTTCACCATTGCGGCGTGGTTTGGCATGAACGATCTTGCTACCTCGAAAGCCTCCATCAAGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4016772_4016853
CCGTCTGGATGGCGCGAGCCTGCACTTCGCACCGCTGGAATTCCCGGCTGTCGCTGATTTCGAATGTACGACTGCGCTGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1692179_1692260
CGGGAAAATACGATAAACATCGCGCACGTTCTTTTTTAGCCGCCAGTTGGCATGATGATACCAGTCGCTATTCTCTGGGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2912495_2912576
GGGCGCGGCTGCTGGCGGCGCACGTTCGGGACATGAAGACCGGATTGCCTGGCTGCGTAAACTGATTGCGTGGCAGGAAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2636581_2636662
CATGCCTGGCACGACGCGTGACAGCATCTACATCCCAATGGAACGCGATGGACGTGAGTATGTGCTCATTGACACCGCTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2725058_2725139
AGGAGCTGTGTTAGCTGTTGTGGCGTTGTGGTTACGTCGTCAGTTAGATGAAACTTCGCAACAAGAAACGCGCGCTTTAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3291847_3291928
TGTCACCAAGCCATTTCTCGGCTCGATGACCATTCCGAAAACGGATATTGCCGTCATTAAAGGCGCGTGGGTCGATGGAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4490601_4490682
AGAACGGCTGGATATGGAGGTCGGTTTTGATAATCGGCAGGCCGCTTTTGACATGGTGTGTACCATGCTGGAGAAGCGAGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1946513_1946594
GACAAAAACAACGAATTGTTGAACAGGTTCCCTCCCGGCTACGCAAACTTTACCACACCGGTTTTAAATACGAATCTTCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4193159_4193240
AAGATGCGGTTGCACGGGCCGATGTGGTGCTCGACTGTACCGACAATATGGCGACTCGCCAGGAGATTAATGCCGCCTGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2992743_2992824
ATGAACTACATAATACATCACAATTTATTATAGATAATATCCTTCAAACGGTACATAAACCAGAACGATCTGTAAGATTAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 580129_580210
GAGCCAACACGCAGTCTGTCACTGTCAGGAAAGTGGTAAAACTGCAACTCAATTACTGCAATGCCCTCGTAATTAAGTGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4015722_4015803
ATCTCGATCATGTCGCCAGTTGGGCTTCCCGCAACGGCGGCGATGTTCATCGTTTAATGATCACCGGATTCTGCTGGGGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 201444_201525
AACCATTTACCATGAGATCCAGATCGGTCAGAATTGCCTGATCCAGTCCGGAACAGTGGTAGGCGCAGACGGCTTTGGTTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3054138_3054219
TCGAGTACCATCTGGAAGGCGAAATTCACCACGAATTTAACCGCCACGGTGCGCGCTATCCGTCCTATAACACCATTGTCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 790467_790548
TAACCCGCATCCGCACGGTCAGATTTGGGCAAATAGCTTCCTGCCTAACGAAGCTGAGCGCGAAGACCGCCTGCAAAAAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 850668_850749
TACTGCAAGCTCTGGTGACTACAACAAAAACCAGTACTACGGCATCACTGCTGGTCCGGCTTACCGCATTAACGACTGGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3487803_3487884
TCTATGCCCGTGACTTACTGGCCGATAAACAGCGGCGAATGCCATTACTTCCGGCGCTGAAAAGTTATCTGTCACTAAAGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 330440_330521
GTGGGTGGCATGGTCGCCGTTTGTCGGCTTGTTCCTGGCGCGTATCTCGCGTGGGCGTACCATTCGCCAGTTCGTGCTGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4346464_4346545
CGAACATGGTCAGGCGTTCCGCGATGTCCAGCTGGAACAGGAACTGCTGGAAGAGGCCCAGAAACTCGGTCTTGGCGCGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 724654_724735
TGGCGGGAGCAATCTGGCGGTCAGTAACCCTGAGCTGGATAAACTAATAGCCGCACGCGTTGCTGCATTACGGGCCGCTAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 420211_420292
CGTTATTGTTAACGCGGCGCGTTCTCGTGGCGTTACCGAAGCGCGTCTGCTGACCCGTTATACCGTCTGGGCTGGCCTGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 408990_409071
ATATTGCTGCGCTAAAAATTATTGCTCGCCGTAGCGAATAATTATATGCCTGGTGTGGCTTCGTACGCCGGATAAGACGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 69159_69240
CGGCGCGTTTGACTGCCATATGGGCGCAGTTGGCGCAGGCGCACAGCCTAACGCACTGGTAAAAGTTATCGGTACTTCCAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 667227_667308
AAGATTATTCCGCCTTGTTGAACGATCCGAATACACCGCTGGTGAACCGCGCCACACAGGGGGTTTATCCTCCCGCGTCTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3414403_3414484
CGGACGTATCGGCAAATCGACTGTGACCGAAGGCGCTCTTGTCACTAATGGGCAAACGACTGAACTGGCGACTGTCCAGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1953034_1953115
AGACGTCATTGAAGGTGATATTCGCGATATCGCCATTGAAAACGCATCGATGGTGGTGCTGAATTTTACCCTGCAATTCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4095313_4095394
GTCTCGCCCCGCGTCAGCGTCTGCTGGCAGCACTGGATGAGGTGATCAGCGAGAAGCTAAACCCTGCGCACCATATCGACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 260900_260981
AAAAGGTTTGTATACCGCTGACCCGCGCAGCAATCCGCAGGCAGAACTGATTAAAGATGTTTACGGCATTGATGACGCACT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3220144_3220225
CATGCGCACGGCTCTTAACGAGTGCAAAAAAACCGGTGATGATGTGGCTGCGGTGATCCTCGAACCGATTCAGGGTGAAGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 219201_219282
TAGAGCTGAAAGAGGTTGTTTGCCATAAAGACAGCGTGATTCTGAAGCTCGGCAGTCTGGATCTGGTCGATGGTACGCCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1266471_1266552
GCTGGCTAGCGAGCGCCCGGACTGCGAAATTATCGCTGTAGATCGTATGCCTGATGCTGTCTCCCTGGCACAACGTAATGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1064625_1064706
AGGCATTAGGATTAAAATATGCTCCTGTAGATGGCGATGGATATTGTCTGTTAAGAGCTATACTGGTTTTAAAACAACATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 642668_642749
GTGCTGGTCCTGTGGGATTGTTGACAATCGCCTGTGCACGGTTGCTCGGTGCGGAACAGATTTTTGTTGTTGATCATCATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 436083_436164
ACCGGGTGACTGGATCTATGTGACCGGTACACCGGGCGATAGCGCCGCCGGGCTGGCGATTTTGCAAAACCGTTTGCAGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1127228_1127309
GCTAAGAATGGATAAACATCGTAGCAATAGCGTCGGGCCACACGATCTTTATTTCACGTTGCTGGATGATTATCTGCATGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4099969_4100050
GCGCAAGATGGGCATTAAAGCCGAAGAGTTCAATCTGAAAAAAGGGCTGGTGCTGGCGGTGATGTGCGGCATTTTCTCTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1550864_1550945
GCTGTGGTTACTGCATTGCCGGGTGTCCGTTTAATATTCCGCGCCTCAACAAAGAGGATAACCGGGTATATAAATGCACGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 816154_816235
GATGGCGATTGACGATCAGGGGCATGAAGTTTACGGCGAGGTCAATATCGACCAGTTAACTACGCCGATTCAAGAGTTATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1387451_1387532
CTACGCCTGCCATCAGGCAAGCCCCAGAGCGGGCAAACCTTACCTGGCGCTGAACTGTGCGTCTATACCGGAAGATGCGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3659771_3659852
CGGGAAATCGTCGGTGACCGTCGGCGCACTCGTTACCGCTAATCAGGCAGATTCGCTGGTTACCGTACAACGTCTGGACCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2316463_2316544
GTGCGGTATTGGATCTGGATATCGAAGGGATCGTGCTGAAACAAGGTGCACCGACCGATCTGCCGAAAGCTCTCGCCGCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 231483_231564
GCTGCCCGTTACGTGAACGAGAACCCATTTTGCGTCTGGCGAAGTCGGCACTGGTGACGGTCTATCCATTACCTGACACCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 740177_740258
AGCAACAACGAGATTTTCCGGCAGTGGAAGGCACCAGCCGTTTGTCGGCCAGCCTGGCAACGGGCGGGTTATCGCCTCGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2167212_2167293
AATGAAATAAAAGGATTTATTTCTGGTCACGTCCACACATTGACCACATCGACAAAAAAGCCCCTCGACTGAGGGGCTTCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 473570_473651
ATCTGATAGGAAAACGCGTGGGCTTCGGTAAAGAGGCGTTTAAACCGCACAACCTGCCGATGGTCTTCACCGGGACTGCCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4527182_4527263
GGACTATCCTTCGGAAACGTTAACTGAGATCCGCCATACCGGCGCACGAGCCGGACTGGTATTTAATCCGGCAACCCCGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2422115_2422196
TACCCATAAACTCTGCGCTCGCTGGGAAGAAATTGCCTGCCGGGCGCAAAGTGACAAAACGCGAGTGTGCCTGCTGCGTAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2388029_2388110
ATATGAGTGGGATCTCAAGCGTAAGTTTTGGTTTGGTTTTGCAGATATCCAATTATTACCGCCAGTTTTACAAACATTTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4281667_4281748
AAAGGTGCAATCTTTTGCACCTTTAACAGGTTAGCTCGGGCTAACATTCATGATTCTAAAACAAATAAATTATCTCTCTTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 870141_870222
TTCCTTACGAGCAGGCCACACTGCTGGAGAAAAACAAAAATATCGAGTTGATGGCCAGTCCGTCAATTATGCAGCGTTATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 969966_970047
CTGACTGGGATGATGAGCGCGATCTCGTTTCGCAAACAGAAGCAGAAATCATCATGCTGGATAACAGTGCGCGTAGCCTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1146264_1146345
GGAAGAAAATGCCCGTCTGCAATTACGCAAAGCCAGCGGCAATATCGTCACCTTCTATACTGGACTGGCGTTGTTTAATTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 490509_490590
TGGCGGAACATCTGGCGGCACAACTGGAAGCCATCGCGCGTGAAGCCTCCGCCTGGTCATTGCGCGAGTGGGACAGTGCAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4627892_4627973
AGACGGTGCTGGTCGATCCGAAACGTACCTTTATGAGTATCAGCGGTGCGCAGATCCGCGAAAACCCGTTCCGCTACTGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3083298_3083379
CGGCAAAATGGCGCTGGTACACTTTGACGCCCACACCGATACCTATGCGAACGGTTGTGAATTTGACCACGGCACTATGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4492930_4493011
CGCAGTAAACCAGACCGCCGTGTTCCTGGTATCGCAAGCGGTAACTCGTCACATGGTTGAACGCAAGGCAGGTAAAGTTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3862756_3862837
GCATCTGCAAGAGTTCAGTTTGAGCGCCGAGCCGCTGAAATCGTTGTTCCCGGAAGGCGGTTTTGCCCTGCACGGTAACTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 317983_318064
CCTATGGTTTTTCCAACGGTCTTGGCGTCGTGGAGGTGATTATTGCTCTGCTGGTTTTGGCTAATCCTGTCAATCGCTGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 191243_191324
CATCAACATTCGCCGCGTTGCTGCGCTGGAAGGCGACGTTCTGGGTTCTTATCAGCACGGTGCGCGTATCGGCGTTCTGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2091710_2091791
AAATCTTCGGGCCGGGTAACGCCTTTGTCACCGAAGCGAAACGTCAGGTGAGCCAGCGTCTGGACGGTGCGGCGATCGATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3044342_3044423
AGCTGCGCGTCGCATTAACCCGGAGATGAAAGTCGGCTGTATGCTGGCGATGGTGCCGCTCTATCCTTACTCCTGTAACCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3916645_3916726
TCTGCGCGTTGCTCTGACCGGTCTGACCATGGCTGAGAAATTCCGTGACGAAGGTCGTGACGTTCTGCTGTTCGTTGACAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3383760_3383841
GTTCGGCGTTACCACGCTGGATATCATTCGTTCCAACACCTTTGTTGCGGAACTGAAAGGCAAACAGCCAGGCGAAGTTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2572958_2573039
GTACAGCGGCCCGGCGTTGGGCTTTGCCGATTGCAGCGTGGTGCCACAGCCGACGGCGGCGCAGCTGGCGGATATCGCGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2023246_2023327
CCATCTTAATATGCCCGTTTTAGCGCGTATCATGGATATGCTGGCGTTACTGCTGTTCCTGACATTTAACGGTCATTTATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2809946_2810027
CGCCCTGTGGGCGTTTGGCCTGACGGATGAGGTTTTTGCCGCCGCAACCGCAAAACTGGTACGCAATAATCGCCGCTGGAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3191125_3191206
TTAAGCTAGCTAAAAATGCCAATAAAGTAAATAAAAAACTTGTATTACCTGACGAATATATAGCACTTGAATTTAAAGGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2106604_2106685
ATTCATCTTTGCAATTATACTGAATACTGGTAAGCAAATTGTCTTTATGGTTATCATCTCTTATGCATTCATCGTAGGTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1242584_1242665
CGCCTTTACCGAGCACCATTTCTGGCTGGCGTTACGCAATGAAACCTTCACCATTGAATGGCAAGGGGAAGGCCCGACATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 321928_322009
TATGCAGGATCTCACCTCTTTTATTGTTAATAAATTAGGGGTAGTCGATGTAGGTGCCAGTTTGCAAGGGAGAGCGGTGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 362513_362594
CGGTTGCCAATGCGGTAGGTGCCAACCATTCGGCATTTAGCCTTAAGCTGGCACTGGAACTGTTCAGACAGCCAAAACTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2375442_2375523
TCTGTTGCTGGAGGCAATTCCGGATCTGCATTTGCGTCTTGACGCAAATCGCGCCTGGACACCGCTGAAAGGTCAGCAGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 377384_377465
AAGTGTAGACCGGATAAGGCGTTCACGCCGCATCCGGCAGTCGTGCGCCATGCCTGATGCGACGCTTTGCGCGTCTTATCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 274570_274651
CACCATCATTGAGGCACCCAGCTCGACCAAGAACAAAGAGCAGCAACGCGATCCGGAGATGCATCAGACCAAGAAAGGCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 400337_400418
TAGTTTTGCCGAAGTGGAGTCTAAACTGGGGTTACCACTGTTTGTAAAACCGGCTAATCAGGGCTCTTCTGTTGGTGTCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1361463_1361544
GGGGTTTACAAGAACTGGTGGTGGCAACCGGTGGTTCGTTGCATCGCAAGCTGTGCGAACAGCCTGAATTGCTGGAACATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2526354_2526435
AGATGTCGATTTTGGCATCGTCATCGATCCAGGCCCAGTGGGCGATCTGCAATGTGAAGCGATTCTTTCCGAGCCTTTCTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 682519_682600
GAACGAACTGGAAGATTTGTGGTTGCCGCTGCTCAATCGCTTGCGAGTGCCGATTGAACAGGCGTTGCGCGATGCGCGTCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1172202_1172283
GCGTGATGTGGCGGCGGAATTGCTGGATATCTACGCGCAACGCGCCGCCAAAGAGGGCTTCGCGTTTAAACACGATCGTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4511897_4511978
TGCATGCTGGGCCAGCCTGACGGATTATCTGATGCTCTCGCGCCCGCAGGATGTGAACAACGCCCTGCTGTGGCTGACCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 683905_683986
AAATTGCCCGTATCGTGATTATGGGTGGCGCTATGGGGCTGGGTAACTGGACGCCTGCGGCTGAATTTAATATTTACGTTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2668412_2668493
TCGCCGTGGTGAACTCGACGTCGGCTTAATGCGCCATCCTGTTTATAGCCCGGAGATTGATTATCTGGAGCTTTTTGACGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4023906_4023987
CAGATTTAAACATGCCGGTATTTATGCACTGTCGCGATGCCCACGAGCGGTTTATGACATTGCTGGAGCCGTGGCTGGATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3715188_3715269
TCTCTTCCATGCAGGGCAGCTTGCCGGGTGGCTGCGATGCGGTGGATAAAATCCCTGTTGCCCGCATTGTTGAAGCACTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3491972_3492053
CGGTTTCACCGAGCAGATGCAGCAGAAAAAACCAAACCCGCCAATCAAAAATGAAGCCGATAACGGCCTGCGCAACACGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3215181_3215262
CCGTCCAACGGTGCAAGCCAATGAAGTTTCAAAGCAGGAGCTACACGCAGGCGGGCGTAAGCTGATTGAAAAAATTGAAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2600153_2600234
GCACGACGGCGCGTCCGCGTCCGCCAATGCCAGCATCTGTCTGGGTTCAGGTCGATGTGGCAGACTCCCCGCATTTAATTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1066166_1066247
TGCCTGTAAAGAGAAACAACAGTGTTCGCTGGTGGATGGCAAAAATACCTTTAGCGCCAAGTATCAACAAGAACCAGGTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3412056_3412137
AAGACGCAAAGAACTACACATTCAACGGTGATGCTATTCTGGTAGAAGCCAAAACCGGATCGCAGCGCGCGTTGATCGATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 196066_196147
CTTCTTCTGGGGCATGCTGGCGTTACGGGCCTGGCACTATGACGAGAATCATTACAGTGGCGCAATATGGCTGCTCTATGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 139991_140072
TCCGAACGCAATCCCGTCTGACGAACACACCTTTACCTTTAACTCGCCAAACTCCTGGGCACCAGCGGCCTATGACGCGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 875960_876041
CCTATTTGCCGACCGGATTGTATGTATTTGCGTATAAAAAAGATGTTTATTTGCGGGTTTGTACATTGATTATTTTCTTTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4623570_4623651
TGCCGACCTCAGCCGCCTGGCAAACTATCTCAATCCGGATAAAAAGAAACTGGCGGCGAAAGGCATTACGTCGGTACGTTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1906616_1906697
TAAAAGCGGCGGCGAAACGCTATCCGCAGGTCACTTTTTGTGTCGCTTCCAGCCACCGTTTGCCGTTTTCCGATACCAGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2351656_2351737
ATCCTGTGGCTTGCCGCCGATCGAAGAGTACAAAAATGATTATCCGGACGACTATAACGAAAAAGCGGAACAGGAGCTGAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1980861_1980942
CCCGATCGGCATTGAACCGAAAGAAATAGCCAAACAGGCTGCCGGGCCACTGCCGCCAAAACTGGCGCAACTTAAAGCGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2824994_2825075
TGATGGGGAAAACTCGCATCCTCGATGCGCTGGCAACGCTGTCATTTAACTACCCACGCCGCGCGGAGTATTTCTCTGGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3657242_3657323
TCCTCGTCGCAGTCGCCTATTTATTGATCGGCTATTTCTTCATCCGCGCACCGGAGCTGGGCATTTTTGCCATTGCGGCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1833717_1833798
ATTTACTGCTGAAATACGTTGGCCATAGCAATACCTTCCAGGCCATTGAAAAAGGCATTGCGCGTAACGGTATTGATTTTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1150998_1151079
ACCTTTCATCTGTTTTCCGTCTGTCAAAAGCGGTAATGCGCGCTATGATGAAAAAGCGTCATGGTCGTATTATCACTATCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4541219_4541300
CTTTAAAAAACTGGTTGAGTATCCGTACTTCGTACCCGCATGCTGAGAGCGAGTGGGTATTTTTATCACGTAAGGGGAATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 86453_86534
TGATTTTCGCCGTCGGGGTACGATTTGATGACCGAACGACGAACAATCTGGCAAAGTACTGCCCAAATGCCACTGTTCTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2387534_2387615
TTGTATAAATATTACTAAATGCTTGCTTAGTCGCATTGTTAAATGCAATACCGTATATTCGGTATGTAACAGCGATATCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1254479_1254560
GTTCCTCCCTCAGCGATAATGTCAATGGCGGAAAACTGGACGTTGCAATGAATAACAGCGTCTGGAACGTAACAAGTAATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2916396_2916477
TGCAGATTCGGGATACCGGCATTGGTATTCCTGAACGCGATCAATCGCGCTTATTCCAGGCCTTCCGACAGGCTGATGCCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1812691_1812772
AAAAAATGACCAATTTGATCAGTATAAAAAACAGGTTGGTTATTCACTATTTAAGGACTATATACTATGAACAAAATTATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1140470_1140551
TAGCGAAGAGAAAGGGAAATACGTCGGTGGAGCAGAAAGTATTAAACAACAGGTCGATGCTTCGCGTTCGATGGTGATAGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1943000_1943081
GATTAACGCACCGATGCAAAAGCTCTCTGGTGGCGAAACGCAGCGTGTACTATTAGCGCGAGCATTGTTAAATCGCCCGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 298209_298290
CTACGATCCGCAAGCACAATCGCTGGTGTGCCTGCCCACGCAAACCCGGACGGGCTGGAATCTCAATGGCTTTGAGGTGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4628662_4628743
ACCCGCCACGAAATTGAGGATGCTAAGGCTGTTGTAGACCGGAAACGGTGTTCACGCCGCATCCGGCATTCGGTGCTCAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3892163_3892244
AGCGGCCCCCGCAGCTTCGGATAAACCACGAGAAAATAGCGAGTCGCTGCTTAACCGTTTTTTCCTCAGCCGTGTTGTTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1652763_1652844
GCGCAGTGCCCAGCCATCCCGATACTGCTGCTTTCACCAAATCCTTAGTGCTTCTTTCGTGTTTTTCTATTGTCATAATGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3799731_3799812
AGAAGATTAAATTTAATATTTTGAGACAGATTCACAAAGAACTGCTGATCTCTGTACCGTTGTCTAAAAAAGGTCGTCTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3996696_3996777
CAATGCTGGAAGTGATGTACGGCGCGGGTCTGCGTCTTTCTGAGCTGGTGGGGCTGGATATTAAACACCTCGACCTGGAGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1612749_1612830
CGTGCGCGGCTTAAGCGGTGTGTCTGATATTTCCTACGATACGGTGGTAGCGCGTTCCGAATTTGAACATTCCGCGCGAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4607145_4607226
GGGGCGAATACAGCGTCGATGGCCTGACGGTCAAAACGCTGCCTGGCGTGTTTAGCCGCGACGGTCTGGATGTCGGTAGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1525191_1525272
AAATGGTGGGTACAGCTGCCGGAGAATGTAAAGATCCGCAGACCATGGTGCCTAAAGCCATTAACAGTGTGATTTGGCGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3895901_3895982
CTATCGTGGTGACGACGCTGCTGGGCTGGATGCTGGGTGATGTGCACTACAATGGCATCGTTTCTGCGCCGCCGAGCGTAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2453639_2453720
CCTTCGGCGCGGTCGCGTTTGATGTTACTCATTCGCATACCAAACTGGATAAAGACACCGCTTATGGCAAAGGTTCGCTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3237765_3237846
ATTCCTCGCGGTATCAACGTTACCTGGATGGTGAGAATCCCAACACCTTTAATCCGGCATTCTCTAACGGTTCAATTATGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 993621_993702
GAGCGTTGGCTGCGGTAGGACTGGAGAATCGCGCAGGGGAATGGCCTGCCGCACTTTCTGGCGGGCAGAAACAGCGAGTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 500738_500819
TGCCGGAAGCAACCATGAAAGCCATTGAGTACGCGAAGAAATATAACGTACCGGTGGTGCTGACGCTGGGCACCAAGTTTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2420124_2420205
TGATTTAGAAAATCGTGCGCGTGCACGACAGATTCAGGCCTGGCTGCGCAGCGATCTGATGCCCATCCGCGAAGAGCGTCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 432542_432623
AAAGCCAGATCGGTACTTTACGTATGTCGCTGGTGAATATTACGCCTGATGCAGATGGCACCACCCTTACACTACGTATTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3268084_3268165
GATCCGAATCCAACCGGAAAATATGAGTCCATTCATTATAGATATTTCTACAGGAGAACATGATGATTATATCATACAAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1805665_1805746
TTTATTTGGTCAGGCAAGCTGGCTGACAGACCGTTATAACGGCTATCGAGAGCGCGATGTGTTGACCGCGGGTTATGGTCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2285217_2285298
CGCTGGCAGGTTTTGCTGAGCAAAATATTTCGTTCACGCGCCATATGAGCTCCGGCAACACTACAGACAACGGCATCTTTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 880128_880209
TCGTGCGGAAGCGGAAAAATGGATGGACTGGGCAAACCAGACGCTCAGTAATGCTCATCGCGGGATCCTGATGGGATTAGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1410158_1410239
TGAACAACAATTTTATGAGACATCCAGCAAAGGCAAAATTCCTCTGTTGCAACGGTTATTAAGCTTGCATCAGCCATCCTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2834439_2834520
TCTGGCGTCGTTAATGCCACCGGAAGTAAGCAGCCGCTTGCAGCATCGGTTGACGGAGATGGGCGTTCATCTGCTGTTGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4034841_4034922
TTCGATGCCGAGCGCCTTTTACTCCGTGAATCTGGTGGCGCGCAAACCGGAGAAGCGTACTCCACAGACCAACAGCTACGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4014144_4014225
CAGTGGTGACACGGCAGCTCTGGCAGAGTGGAGCGCCCCGATTCAGGCACGTCGTCACTCTACCCGCGTACATAATCCGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3137553_3137634
TCTGGCCACGTTTGCGTCTCTCCTGGCAGCGTCGCCGTCACCATATGATCACTGGTCGTATGGATTTCTGCATGGATGAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1701504_1701585
AGCTGGAGATCATGGCTGACCTGTGCGAGCGTCATGGTGTGCGGGTTATTTCCGATGAAATCCATATGGATATGGTTTGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 41135_41216
GATTATCCTCAACGCCATTTGCGTCGCTTGCGGTCTGCAAAAAGGGGTACGTATCGCCAGTGACGTGCGTAGTTACCTGAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1667915_1667996
TTATATTCAGCATGATATCAGCGCATGGACGATGGCAGAGGCCTTGTTTGGTGCCTCACGCGGGGCGCGCGATGTGATTCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2723365_2723446
CGATATTCGTCTGTTCCGCCAGGAGCTGCGTGATGCCGCTTATCATTTCCAGGGCGATGCCGACAACGATCAGCTTTCTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2951509_2951590
AGTGATCTTTCTCGGCGATCGTGATCAACTGGCCTCGGTTGAGGCTGGGGCTGTGCTGGGCGATATCTGCGCTTATGCCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3099022_3099103
TTGAATCTGCGTTGAATACCCAGAAGAACTCGATTCCTGCGCTGGAAAAGGAAGTGAAAGCGCTTGATAAGCAAATGGTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2987813_2987894
ACATGGGGATTGTTTTAGTCAGCGACCGCAATATGCAATCGTTAGCTAATTACTGGCGAAAACACAACTCAGCAATATCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4369745_4369826
TTTTGTCGGTCTGGAGGCATTTGCCCATCTCGCCTCGGAATTTAAAAATCCAGAGCGTGATTTTCCTCGTGCTTTGATGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2132938_2133019
AGGGCGAAGTCTATTCCCAACCGGCAAGCTTGCCGCTGTATCCCAAATCGCCGTATTCACGCCGCCTGTTCTACAAACGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2297919_2298000
TCCGGATTGTCACGTTCCGCACGAGTTTGTGCCGAAGATGATACGCAAGCTCAAAGCAAGTAAAGAGCTGTATGGTAAAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 447221_447302
CACGTTGATTGGTTCGCTCTCCGGCGCTGCGCCGCCGGTGATCGGCTACTGTGCGGTAACCGGTGAGTTCGATAGCGGCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2408130_2408211
AATGGAGATTGTGGAGATTGCACGTCAGCATAATCTCATTATCTTCGCCGATGAAATTTATGACAAAATTCTCTACGACGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3979238_3979319
TCTTCCTGTTTATTGGCATTATTCGCGGCTGGATTTCGTTGTGGATGCTGGCGGCGGCGGGCGTGCTGGGGATTGTTGGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1293796_1293877
GTTTTTAACCAGACAACAAGTATATGAATTATCGGAGGTTGTCGATCAACTCGATATACCCGTACTTTGTTATGGTTTACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 543614_543695
CGTTTGTTAACGCCCAGGCCGAAGACAGCCAAATCTTTTTATATAAGCGCCGCTATGTTCCGGTAGAAGGCTATGCACCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2641206_2641287
CGATCAGTTCAAAGTCAGCGTGAAAGCGTCTGACGTCTTCCTCGCTGTTGAGTCTTATCGTTTGCTGGCAAAACAGATCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 809825_809906
ACGGCAATATCATCACCACACGCACTTATCAGGAACGCCTCGATACGCTGGAAAAAGTGCGCGATGCCGGGATCAAAGTCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2889204_2889285
TGAGTTTGGCTATCTGCCGCTGGAGCATACGCTGGCGGTGGCCGAAGCCGTCGTGACAACTCAGCGTGACTGGGGTAACCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2479827_2479908
TCGTGGAATATGAGCAAGATTATGGTGTTGCCGTCGAGGAAGGACGTAAAGCAGCGCAGTCTGACCCGAACTGTTTCTTTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4449348_4449429
AACTCCGTACCCGCTGCAGCCGGGTTCTGTGATCCGTTGCCGTCCGGTTGGCGTTCTGAAAATGACCGACGAAGCCGGTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1981948_1982029
GGAGCTGGAGGCGAAAGGGATGGCTTTTGCGCTGCATTATCGTCAGGCTCCGCAGCATGAAGACGCATTAATGACATTAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1399111_1399192
CGCGCAGGCGCTGGAAACCTCGATGGTATGTGAAATCCCGTTCGAAACGCTGGACGATTTGTCCGGTAAAATGCCGAATCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2978229_2978310
TTATGCCCATCTGGAACAGGTGTGTGGTGCTATGGTGCGTCAGGTCATCGAATTCGGTCAGGATTTACAGGCTATTTCTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 235138_235219
GTTTATTGCGTGAAGCCGATCGGGTATTGATTGATGATGGCTGGCTGGTCATTAGTGGCTTCAATCCCATCAGTTTTATGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1798411_1798492
CGCGCGCTGACCACGACACTTTCTGGTTTGACACTACCCGCCTGCTGCGTACCCAGACCTCTGGCGTACAGATCCGCACCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3143536_3143617
GCACCAGTCTTCAATGGGGTCGCTGATGATCTCGGCGGGCTACAAGGTGCATCCGTTGTGGCAGAGCTATGAAATGTTGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2771769_2771850
AGCTCCGCTGTGAGCGCAGGCTGTGTTAAAACTCCTGATCACTTTTTGGTCTAAGCGATGGTTTCATATGATCAACCATTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 84801_84882
TCAAGTCTTCATTAAATCAGAACACTGAACATCAGCTGCGTTATCAGGAAACGGAGTTTGTGATTAGTTATGAAGACTTCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4042869_4042950
ATCTCATTGAGCCACGCAAGCTGTTTGAGGACGCTACACTGATACCTTCCGGGTTGAAAGCGGCATTCCTGAAAGCGACAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3794414_3794495
CAAAATTCCTGTTTGATGAATATGTTCGTCAAATCCTGCCTGAAGCGAACTCGCAGATTGTTGGCTTCCGTTATTTCAACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1738317_1738398
CATTGATAACGCGTTCGAAGGCGGCTACATGGCCGGGCGTTATCTGATTGAACGCGGTCACCGCGAAATCGGCGTCATCCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2382027_2382108
ACACCCACTGGAATGTTATGGCTATCGTATTGAAGAACATGATAAACCGGGTGCATTAAATGCCCAGGCATTAAAAGCTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3150065_3150146
TCGCCGGGAAACAGGTTGCCATTCCGGATATTGCAGACCTCACCAGCGAACAGTTTCAAAAGACCTTTGCCATTAACGTTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2255645_2255726
TATGAAACATTACCGTCCGCTGTTATTAAACGACACGCTATTTTTACGAAAACTCTGCGTCACCTTAAGTCATAAAAATTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1528881_1528962
AGACGGTATACGAGCCGGGAAGCTTCACGCCGCTCATCCGGGTCGAGACAGAGAACGGCGAGCGGGAAAAAGCGCAGCGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1780831_1780912
TTACCCTTGCACCCGGTGTTCAGGAACCGTGCACCAGTGATACCTCTCATCAGTGCCCGACAGAAACGGTACCTTATGTTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1672331_1672412
GGGAAAGCGGTTAAAAGCAGATGGGGATGGTTGGATTGTACCTCCCGCAGCCGCGCCGTGGGACTTCGGATTGATTGTGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2885847_2885928
ATTGCCAGTTAAACACCGCTTTATCCGTGGTTTGGGAATTGGTCGAAGTGTTTTAATTGTTGATGAAGTTCATGCTTACGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2838720_2838801
CAGCCATAGCGTCTGGTGCGATCATAAACAGACCAGTTTTAACGCCGTGGCAGAGTTGATAAACGCCGGGCATCAGGAGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2325378_2325459
AACCGTCTGACGTGGTGAGTATCGATCCAAAACTACTCATGGAAGAGGCTGATTTTCAAAAGCAGCTACCGAAAGATGCCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3316743_3316824
AAATCGCGGTGAAAACCAACGATAAACGTATCGATCCGGTAGGTGCTTGCGTAGGTATGCGTGGCGCGCGTGTTCAGGCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 202915_202996
TCAACGCGCACATTGCGCACGATTGTACGGTAGGTAACCGCTGTATTCTCGCCAACAACGCAACGCTGGCGGGTCACGTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 589429_589510
CTGGAACCGTCTGGCAAAGTGTTATCGGGACACGCTACCCGGTGTGGCGTTGTATGCATGGCTTCAGGCCGAACAACGACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3111570_3111651
AGGGAACCTGCTGACAGGGCCGTGGCAGCCTCGCGTCAGCTACCGAAAACAGTGGGCGCGCTGGCGGGTGATGATTCTGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2480545_2480626
AGCATCGCAATCCTTTCCCTGGGTGAGCGATGCTGCCGATGGCGCAGACTTAAGATCCCCGGTCTTACCCGCTATAACCCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4381375_4381456
CGACAAAGTCTCTCAGGCCTTCTGGCACGAATGGCGTAAAGGCAACACCATCTCCACGCCGCGTGGCGATGTGGTTTATCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3860690_3860771
TAATCAGGAACTCACCGAAGTTGCTGAGTTAATAACTTCACCAGAAGCAATAAAAAATAATCTGGCAGTCGCTTTTCTGAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3514681_3514762
ACCGCACGCTGCAACTGATTAAAGAAAATGGCTGTAAAGCGGGTCTGGTATTTAACCCGGCGACACCTCTGAGCTATCTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1510667_1510748
TTAAAGAAGGGATAGATCTTCAGGCGCTGGAACTGGCGTTGCAGGAGTATCCGGTGAAAGCGTGCTGGCTGATGACTAATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1793144_1793225
GGGCGCTGGCTCTTGATGACAAACTCGGACGTAGCACCAATCAACTTTCCGGCGGTGAATGGCAACGCGTACGTCTTGCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 103531_103612
ATGTGCCGATTGCGCGGTGGAATGATCAACATATGGTAGACGCGGAAGGAAATACCTTCAGCGTGCCGCCAGAACGCACCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2032692_2032773
CCATTGCCGCTCACAGTTTCAGCGCGCAAATCGCCCCCTTAACAACGGAAGCTAAAATTGTCCAGGATGCGGATCGGCTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 116367_116448
TGCTGGTAACTGGCCCTACCGGCAGCGGCAAAACGGTCACGCTTTATAGTGCCCTGCAAAAGCTGAATACCGCTGACATTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3572370_3572451
TGATGGCACGAACTTGTATGAACACAGCGATCCGCGTGAAGGCTATCATCAGGACTGGAACACGCTGATCTACAACTATGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1269054_1269135
TGCGTTAAGACTTTTTTCATGGGTGCCGGATACAAAAAAGGCCGCAGGCTGTTACCCCTGCGGCCGGTTTCGGGCGCATAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2643667_2643748
CGAGCCGCTGCTCAACCTGAACAACGTCGTTCCGGCGATGGAAATCATGCTTGATGATTTCGGTTTTGGCCTGTCTAAACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4353101_4353182
CCGCTGGTTATCGTGAAACGAAGCGTCTCTCCTCAAAACTGGATTTGCGGAACGATGAACGAAGCAGTCGCCTGACTGCTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 148330_148411
GCGTTTCGACTATTGTCAGCAAGCTGTTCAACCTGGTCCAGCCGGACATCGCCTGCTTCGGTGAAAAAGATTTTCAGCAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1368374_1368455
ATCTGATTAAGTCCCTGGAACATGAAGTGACGCTGGTGGACGATACGCTGGCACGCATGAAGAAAGAGATTGGCGAGCTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4403763_4403844
TGAACTCCGGTTCTGCGGGTACAGAAGATGAAGTTACTACCCCGGCGGCAGATAACGCCATTGCCGAAGCGGCAGAGCGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 299796_299877
CGAAGCCCCCGGTCTGATGGCGCTCGAAATCGCGATCGACGAACTGGCGGAAAAAGCGGGCATCGATCCCGTCGAGTTTCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 712381_712462
CGCGCCGGTCGACTATCACGTACGCCGTCATGATGAGATTTTTGCGGCTATCAACGCGGTCAGTGAATCGGACGCACAAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 915660_915741
CCAGTGGTAAAACGGGTTTTGACGCGGCAGCCAGCGGTTTTGCTTCTAACGGTTATGGCGAGCATTCACCAGGCGGTTATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3135582_3135663
TAATGCTGGTACTGGTGGGGATTGCCCCTGCTGGCTTCGTCGTCAATATGAATGCGTCCGGCTATGAAATTACCCGTACCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 871388_871469
CGTTTCCGGCATTTGCTCTGGGGATGCTTTTAATTCAGGTATTCTCCGTTGAACTGGGCTGGCTGCCTACCGTGGGAGCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2890959_2891040
TGAAAGAACTTGTCGAACTGCTGTGGCTGAAAGGCGATGAACCTGTCACCGTCGAGGGCAAAACGTTGCCTCTGAACGAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2969967_2970048
CAATAGCGGGGTGACCTGGGAAACCAGCCACGTGCGCCACAAACTCAAACGCGTACTGTGGATACCGGTTGAAGGCGAGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4012300_4012381
ATATTCTGCCGCGCAGTGGCCTGCATTATTCGCCGATGTTCGACTATGAAGTGCGTCTGGTGTTAGCACCTGACCATCCAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3611085_3611166
CGCTGGTGGCCATTTTGTTGGCGATCCCGCGTCCGACGGTAAAAGCCAGTAAAGGCAAACCGCTGCCGTTTCGCGCGGTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1183184_1183265
TATGCTGCTGGGTATTCAGCTTGGCTTCTGGTCGCTGCTGTTCTCGCATATCACCTTCTGCCTGCCATTTGTGGTGGTGAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3228_3309
TGGCACCGTGTTTTCTCGGTGGTATGCAGTTGATGATCGAAGAAAACGACATCATCAGCCAGCAAGTGCCAGGGTTTGATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1711801_1711882
CCGTATCTTGCTGGAGCAGCATAATGGCGAGGTTCCGGAAGATCGTGCTGCGCTTGAAGCCCTGCCCGGCGTAGGTCGTAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 170137_170218
TGGGGCGGCAGATCGCGAAAAAGTCGAGGAAGCTATCTCGCTGGTTGGCTTAAAACCGCTGGCGCATCGGCTGGTCGATAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2445116_2445197
TCTATTTCTTGCTGATGCCAAAGCTAGGTGAAGAAGACCGCCAGCGCCGGATGTACGGTTTACCCTTCGCGTTAATAGCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2437244_2437325
ACTCTTTAAAGATGGTCCGTACAAAACGCTACATCTGGCGGATGAAAAACTGATCCGTAGCCTGAAGCCCGGAGCGATTCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2423055_2423136
CTGGCTTGATGAATTTGCCGAGCCTGCTATAGCCCGCAAAATATATTCATCGGCTTTTCCGTTGGTGGATATTACCGTGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2544188_2544269
ACGTCACGAAGGCGGTGCTGCCGGAGATGATTGCCCGCAAAGATGGTCGCATTGTGATGATGTCTTCAGTCACTGGTGATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1796711_1796792
GTGGTGAGGCTGGCCCGGTAATTGATATCACCAACGAAGCAACGCTGCCGAAGCGTGCAACCATCACTCTACGTCGTAGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4344040_4344121
TGCGCTAATTTATAAAAACGATCAGCTTTCATGCCTCTTGGGTATGGCTCTTGCTTATAATGTAGCCAGCAACATTATTAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2861845_2861926
TGACTGTCATGGCCTCCGGTAGCGATATTGCCTTTGAACGACTGGCACCCGTGCTGGAAGCCGTTGCCGGAAAAGTTTATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 930040_930121
CGATACCGGTGTGACGCTGGCTGCGGGTTTTCTGGCCCTGATCCTTGCGCCAGAGTTTTTCCAGCCATTACGCGATCTCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1571306_1571387
ACAACCGCTGCACGATGCGCTGGATAAATTCCAGGCCGATACCGGTATCGACATCGACATGCACATCGACGCTGCCAGCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3722177_3722258
TTTGTTTCTTCTCCTTGATATAATCCTAAAAAAATCTCATAAAATTAATATATGAGATAATCTTTATTCAGCAGAAGATTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4523071_4523152
ACATCCCGGCAATTGCTCACCAGGCAGGTTGCCATATCCCGACCGTTGATGACTGGATCCGCATCAACAAGCGCGTGCCCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3655539_3655620
TGACGACGGCAGCGGATATCTGGGTGACCGCCGCCATAGGTATGGTTATTGGCAGCGGTATGTACGAACTGGGTATTTATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4257380_4257461
TGGCGCAACAGCATATTGAAGGTCATTATCAGGTCGATCCTTCCTTATTCAAGCCGAATGCTGATTTCCTGCTGCGCGTCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4582214_4582295
GCGACGGTGAAAACCTGCCGAAGGCGCATATTGTCGCCACTAACCCGCCGTTTGGCAGCGCCGCAGGCACCAACATTACCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3104933_3105014
CAACGGGCTGCGTATCATCTACAGCGTCACCATTAACATGGTGCCGAACCACCTTGATAAACGTGCGCACAAATATCTCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2982838_2982919
ACCTGAATATCAAGAGCGTATTCTTCATGTCTCAGGCAGCGGCGAAACACTTTATCGCGCAAGGCAATGGCGGCAAGATTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4384551_4384632
AGAACTTTGCCAAAGGTATTGTTTTTGCCGCTATTGTTATTTCAATCGGTTATTCGCTGGCAATATTTTTATGGGGCGTCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 168566_168647
GTGTGCGGCATTAGCGCCAGCGGATAAAGGCCATTATCTGGCACGTAAATACGTCGTTGATGATGAGAAGCTGCAAAACTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1834415_1834496
AGCCCTGAAAGAGGCAGGTGGTACGCCGGGCGAAAACATGACGATGGATAATAAAGAAACGACTCATGTCACAGGCAGCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 848620_848701
CCGCACTGATCGATCATCTGGATACCATGGCAGAACGTGCAGTGCAGCTGGGCGGTGTAGCTCTGGGGACCACTCAAGTTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 47472_47553
TTTGGATCGATAAAGTTTTCTCCCACGGCTGGGCTTACGGTCATGGCGGCACGGCGCTGCATGGCAAACATTTGCTGTGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4302013_4302094
CGCCGCCAACGCCCGCAGCCAAACCGCCATCAATGGCCGCCGATGCTTTTACCAATCCAGACTATATGCGCTACGCGGTAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4455071_4455152
GGTTGCGGCAGGTTACGTGGTATACGGCTCCTCTACCATGCTGGTTTACACCACCGGATGCGGTGTTCACGCCTTTACTTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3898276_3898357
GTATGATGAAGAGGACGAATTTGCCGGTATTAAGAACACATATCCTGATGAAATGCTGAAAGAGTTGGTTGAACGCACGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4288443_4288524
TCCCGTGGGATGACGGCATGAAAGTCGAAAATATGGAGCAGTATTACGACAAAATTGCCTTCTCTGACTGGACTAACTCCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 815604_815685
TCAGGCCTACATTTTCTCCGCAATATATTGAATTTGCGCGGTTTGTAGGCCGGATAAGGCGTTCACGCCGCATCCGGCATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 92257_92338
ACCCTAACAATCTGAGCGGCACGCCGAAAGAGGCGATGCGTAACCGTACCATCACCGACGTGTTTGAACCGGGCTCAACGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 233237_233318
GAAATCCACGGACTTCTGGTCGTTACCGTTGCCGCAGGAAACGAAGCAGTACGTGCCTAAAATGCTGGCATTGAGTGATAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 659694_659775
ACTTTGCGGATTGCATTACTGCCATTCGGGAAAAAAGCCCGCAAATCAAAATTGAAACTCTGGTGCCGGATTTCCGCGGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3308443_3308524
GAATCGCGGGATCGCATTATATTACGGCGGTCGTGACAAGTTAGCGCAAGATGATCTGCTGGCGTTTTATCAAGACGATCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 81373_81454
GTTTTGAGATCGAACGTATCGCCCGCATCGCGTTTGAATCTGCTCGCAAGCGTCGCCACAAAGTGACGTCGATCGATAAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3421837_3421918
GGGGGCGCTACCGTGGGGGATCTTACTGGCGTTAGGTCGCCGCTCCCATATGCCGATTGTGCGTATCTTATCGGTCATTTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2436103_2436184
CCAGCCTGATTTCAGCCTCCGCCCAGGGCAAAAAAGCGGTCGATGCGTTAGCGGGGCAGAGTGCGAAATTGCTCAACGGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2044010_2044091
GAGCTGGCAGCAAGGGCCTATCGTTTTGAACTGGTTGGATATACAAGATTCTTTTGATGCTTCTGGTTTTAACCTGATTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1123691_1123772
GCTACGCCAACAAACTGCTGTTGCCGCGTTTTGCCAAATCGGCATTTGATGAGTTTTCTACTCCCGCCGCGCGCAAATATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3330450_3330531
CTTTGTTTATGCCGGATGCGGCGTAAACGCCTTATCCGGCCTACAAAATCGTGCAAATTCAACATATTGCAATTCTCTTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 154088_154169
GTGCATTTTCTTTCGATGTGACTCATTCCAATGTTCGTATCCCGGATGATAAAACATACCAGGGGCAAAGTTATCGTGTTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 416312_416393
CGTGGGGGCCAGTAAAAGTGACGCCGTGCGTGACATTTATATTGGCACGCTGGACGCGTTTCCGGCACAAAACTTTCCACC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2195277_2195358
TGTGACGGTGAACGGCGCAAAGATGTCCAAGTCTCGCGGCACCTTTATTAAAGCCAGCACCTGGCTGAATCATTTTGACGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 516218_516299
TCTGATCTTTCCCTGGCAGATCCGTAACCGGCAGCCTGACCCAGCCATTTTTCTCGATTTTCTCGAACGCTTCGCCTTGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 725973_726054
GGATGAAAAAACGCTGGCTGACGCCGCACAACTGGCTTCGCTGGCTGATGAAACGCCGGAAGGCCGCAGTATTGTGATCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 258378_258459
AAAATCATTGATATGGCCATGAATGGCGTTGGATGCCGGGCAACAGCCCGCATTATGGGCGTTGGCCTCAACACGATTTTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1364833_1364914
TGTATGAACTTTCTGCCGTGACGCAGATCCAGCACACCACGCCAGCCGTTGTGCGAACTGCCAAAGGTCAGGTGACGGCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1239375_1239456
CTGATGGAATTTCCGGCGCGATGGCGCGTATTGAGCAGGCGGCGGAGGGGCTGGAGTGTCGGCGTTCGTTGTCCAATTCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3236847_3236928
ACGATGAAGCATCAGGTATGCAGCAGGCTTTGATCGCTAAAGGCGTACCAGCAAAAGTGATCTTCTGCGACTATGCCGGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2048437_2048518
TAACTGCAACGGTTAAAGATCAGTTCGACAATGAGGTGAATAATCTTCCGGTAACATTCAGCTCAGCCTCTTCAGGACTCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 493018_493099
CGAGCTGCGGATGCGTGAACTGGCGCGCACCATACCGCCGACGGATATTCAGCTTTACTATCAGACGCTGTTGATTGGTCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2496066_2496147
GCGTGATGGGACTGTGCCAACCAATGATGGCTACCTATCGTCCACATAATAATCAGCTGATGGAATGGGTGCAGACCCGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 548947_549028
AATGCGTGCGCTGGCCCCACAAATTGCTCGCCTCGATCATGATAAACAGCACATCGCCGAAGTGATGGATTTCCTCAGCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2067587_2067668
AGAAATCTCAGCGCATCAGGATAAACTGCTACCTTAGGTCAACCACCAAAAGAAAATACAATACGTCCAGTTTGTATGCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2229872_2229953
ACAGCGGTGAGAAGAAATTTGAAATCGCCGATGCGGTTCAACAGGCTGGCGCTACGGAGCTGGTGGTGCATGGGCGGACGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3218277_3218358
GCTGACATTACGTGCGGTAGGGCAACTTGGCCTGATGTGCCGTTGGCTAATTAACGATGTCTCAAGCCAGGTGTCCAGTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2957401_2957482
GGCTTACTTTGTCGATGCGCCGTATCAGGTCGATAAAATCAGCGCACAAACTTTCGCCGACTGGCAGAAAAAAGCCGCCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 830268_830349
TCCTTCGCGCCTGCAGGAACATGATTAAGCTGCTCACCCAGGATGACACCGTCAACCTCAGCAAGTTTATCTCCCGTGAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3310061_3310142
TCACCCGTGGTGAAACGCAGGCGCTGGTTACCGCAACGCTGGGTACTGCTCGTGACGCGCAGGTTCTTGATGAACTGATGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4057290_4057371
TGGCTACCCGCTTCAATACCATGACCAAAAAAGCTGACGAAATTCAGATCTACAAATATGTTGTGCACAACGTAGCGCACC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4413570_4413651
TGAAGACAGGAGTACCGTGCTGTACTTGCAGGACTGCGCCCAGCAGGCAGGGCAGGAGTCGCGGTTTATCTACATTGAAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2599282_2599363
TAATGTGCCGTCCCGTACTGGCTGCGATCTGCTCCCGGAAACGGTGGGCCGTCTGGCGAAAGTAAAAAATATTATCGGAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2823199_2823280
ACATGGGCCTTGCGGCACGTATGATGAGCCAGGCGATGCGTAAGCTGGCGGGTAACCTGAAGCAGTCCAACACGCTGCTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2624038_2624119
GTTTTGATGCCATTCGCGAACGCGATGTGTTGCTCTATTATCCTTATCACACCTTTGAGCATGTGCTGGAACTGCTGCGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1984273_1984354
GATGGTCGGGCGCGACATTGGCGATATCTACGGCTGGCAACCGCGTAGTTATGGCGAGGAGCGCCTACGTCTTGATGCTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2863873_2863954
AAGCGGTGGTGCATTTGCACAGCACATGGTCGACGGCGCTTTCCTGCCTGCAAGGGCTGGACAGCAGCAACGTTATTCGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3449493_3449574
CCGAAGTTCGTAAGCCTGAACTGGACGCAAAACTGGTTGCTGACAGCATCACTTCTCAGCTGGAACGTCGCGTTATGTTCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4636312_4636393
GGCTAAACCGTTTTCACCCCGCGAAGTGTGCGCCAGGGTGCGCACCTTACTGCGTCGGGTGAAGAAGTTCTCGACGCCGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1791624_1791705
AATATCCGTTTATTGAACTGTTGATTAATGAGAATTACCCGCATCTCAATGAAGGAAAAGATAATCGCGGTCTTTTATCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2837802_2837883
TCAGCCGTGATAAAGGGTTTGTTCATGTGATGCAGGAACGTTGCATTGGTTGCAAAACCTGCGTTGTGGCTTGCCCGTATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1895446_1895527
CGCCCAACGTTTTCATGCGACCTATTCTGGCGATGAATGGCAGGCATTCCTTCAGCTTAATCAGGCCAACCGCGCGCCATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2125095_2125176
AAGGCGTGGCGGCGGAAAACGTCATCTTCTTCCCCAACTGGTCGGAAATTGCCCGTTTTCAGCATGTTGCAGATGCCGATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1118149_1118230
ATCACGCCGAACGCGATAAACATCTTCGCAGTGCAGATTTCCTCAATACCGCAAAATATCCACAGGCAACATTCACCTCCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2683420_2683501
CGATAATGACTGCGTGATGCTGGCGCTGGCGGAGAAATGGCAAAATAATTCGCAGGAACGGGATTTCTGCGTGATCAACGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1232726_1232807
TATCTGGTTGTATAGTGCGTTCCGCGGTGTGCAGTTAACTTACGAGCACACCATGCTTCAGCTCTATCCTTCGCCGTTTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2855338_2855419
GCCAGATTGCCGAACGTGTGGCAATCGCTGTCGATAACGCCCTCGCCTATCAGGAAATCCATCGTCTGAAAGAACGGCTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3402323_3402404
TGCGCTGTTACCGCACCGGACGTTAAAAGAGGCAGAGAGCATCGCCGGTCAGTTAATCAAAGCCGTTGATACCTTGCCGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 448314_448395
CATGTACAAAAACAACAAAAGCCAGGTTATCTCCTGGCTGGCGTTGACCTGGTTGTTTGGTGCCGGATTTATCGGGATGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2235843_2235924
CGCAGATGGCATTGCGGCGATTAACACCGTTAAATCCATCACCAATATCGATCTTAATCAGAAAATCGGTATGCCGATCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3470698_3470779
GTGGGAAGCGAAAATCCTGGAACTGGCTGGCTTCCTGGATTCTTATATTCCGGAACCAGAGCGTGCGATTGACAAGCCGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3695570_3695651
AAAAGCCAGCGGGCGTTACCAGTGGATTTTAATCGACTTACCGCGTGATGCCTCGCAGATAACCCACCAGCTGCTGAGTTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1955753_1955834
CCAACGGTGGCAACCCGACGCGTGTTGGCGGCGTGCTGCCGGAAATGTCTGCGGCGATTGCCGGACATGCCAGCGAGGCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1814958_1815039
GGTGCCCGTTCAGCGTGTCGGCAAAATGGTGCTCAATCGCAACCCGGATAACTTCTTTGCTGAAAACGAACAGGCGGCTTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3927612_3927693
AAGAGTTTGGCCTGGCACCGTTCCTGCCGGATCAGATCCACTTCGTACACAGCCAGGAGTTACTGTCTCGTTATCCGGATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2366458_2366539
ATTTCATGCCATTAAAAATATTACCTGTGCTGAAGGTGGCCTGATTGTAACTGATAATGAAAACCTTGCCCGCCAGCTACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4091601_4091682
GATTCCTCGGCGCGGTGGTGCTGGGGCTGGCGATTGGCTATTTCGTCTTCTGGTTCCGCAAAGTGCGCCTTGGCAAAGCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1606498_1606579
GAACAGTTGCGCGGTGGCGGCGCAGGTTTATATCGGCAGCGAATATGAACATCAGTCGATCAAAAATATTATTCAGCTGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4394800_4394881
TCGCCCGACTTCGCATAAAGGCGATCACGGGCGGCTGGTAATTATCGGTGGCGATCACGGCACGGCGGGGGCTATTCGTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3461683_3461764
AGCATGGCGCATTATGGTACCGGGCAAAACACCATCAGCCTGGCGCTGGGTTCCATTACAAGAAGATGCCGCAGACGAGAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 950671_950752
TCGTCGTTACGATCCGGTGATTGATGAACTGCTGGAAGTAACCGACCTGGTAATGCTCGATCTCAAACAGATGAACGACGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 501456_501537
AGGCGTTCACGCCGCATCTGGCATTTGGCTCTCGATGCCTGATGCGACGCTGGCGCGTCTTATCATGCCTACATATTTTTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3258928_3259009
AGTGATGCATGACGGTATTGAACGTGGGATGAACACTGAAGGCGTGCTGCCTGGTCCGCTCAATGTGCCGCGCCGTGCCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2602788_2602869
TCGGTCTGTCACTGCACGACCCGCTGCTCACCGTGGTTGGACTGCTCGGCGCACTGTTTCATCTGCTCAACCATGCGCTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1110063_1110144
CAAACTGGGGGTTGCACCGTTAACCAGTATGTTCCTGTTTGGGCCGAACCAACCGTCGCCTGCAAATAACTATCGTCCGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 484983_485064
AGTCGAACGTGACGGAAGGCGCATTGGTACAGAACGGTCAGGCGACTGCGCTGGCAACCGTGCAGCAACTTGATCCGATCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4052692_4052773
ACAGACGCCGGAGAGTTTCGCCTTTACCCTGAAACGTGTGGCGGAGCTGAACCCCGATCGTCTGAGTGTCTTTAACTACGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1093516_1093597
ATGGTTTACGCTATGATATCTGGAATGGAGTGACGGTGATTGCTTTTTGTGCCGTACTGTACAATATCTCTCTGTTATTTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3831272_3831353
CCTCGATCTCAGCTTGCGCAACATGACCTTCAGTAAAGATGACTGGCAGACACAGGAAGGCAAACTGTCGATGAACGCTAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1611341_1611422
GAGCCGACTTTGATTTTCTGACTCAGGTTTACTCACGGTCCGGTCTTTATGAGGCGCTGAAAAGTCCATCGCTGAAACAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3288398_3288479
GTCGCTGTTCTACATTAATGTTCGTGCCATTCCAGCAAAGAAAAAATCAGATGATGTTAATGCTAACGAGTTGACGCTGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 404221_404302
ATGGTGGCTCTCCCTTCCCATTATTGTCATTTATCCTCTGCTGTTTGGCTGGGTCAGCTACCAGACGGCAACCAAACTGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4429206_4429287
ACGCCAAAAAAGAAGGTGTGAATAGCACCGAATCTGGCCTGCAATTCCGCGTGATCAACCAGGGTGAAGGCGCAATTCCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2500711_2500792
GGATGCTGCAAAAACTGGAAGCGGCCTGGCAACAACAGCAGACCAGCAGTACGCCTGCCGCGACGGTAACGCGTGAGAATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1711136_1711217
GCTGATTGTCACTAACTGTATCGTTGTGGGCCGCGCTGAAGCCTTCGCCGCCAAAAAAGGTCCGGCGCTTTCGGCACTGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4123904_4123985
AGCTGGAGCTGCCTACAGTTCATATCGACAATCTGACCGCCGCATTTGATGCAGTAAATTATTTATATGAGCAAGGGCATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4613831_4613912
CGAACAACTGAAACTGGCGAAACGCTACGATCTGCCGGTGATCCTGCATTCACGGCGCACGCACGACAAACTGGCGATGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3864218_3864299
TTGCCAGCCAGTTACGGATTCAAATCAACGAGCAGATCTACTTCTCCCGTCGCGTTCGTTTTGTGGAAGGGAAACCGCTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2905043_2905124
ATGATTTGCTGCCACTGACTGATCTGCTCGAAAAGAACGGTTTTAGCTGCCAGATCGAAACCAGTGGTACTCATGAGGTAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 831515_831596
CCGCGTCTGATCAGGTGACCCAGCACGTTCACTTTGTCGATAAGAAACGCAAACGCGAATTGCTGTCGCACATGATTGGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3974009_3974090
CTATCAGGTGATGGACCCGGAACGCTTTGGCGTGGTGGAGTTTGACGACAATTTCCGCGCTATCTCGCTGGAAGAAAAGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1887388_1887469
GGCTACCTGCGGCGCTGGATGAATGCCGCCTGATGCAAATGCGTCGTCAGGAAGTCGTTGCGCCGGAAGATGCCTGGCGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4245785_4245866
GCTGATTGCTGCTGACGGGGGTTATGCGTTCAAGTATGAAAACGGCAAGTACGACATTAAAGACGTGGGCGTGGATAACGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2216071_2216152
TGATCGGCTTTGGTCTGCAACCAGCGATTATCGCCTTGATCCTTTACGGTGTGCTGCCCGTCCTGCAGGCGACACTTGCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3567277_3567358
ACGGTATGGAAGGTCTGTTGCAACAGCGTCACCGTGAAGGGCGTCTTTCCGGCGTACTGAACGGCGTGGACGAGAAAATCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 753787_753868
TGATGTTCTCCACGCCGTGCGAACCGTATGAAGTTAATCCGATTCTGGAACGTGCTATGGACCGTATTCTGATCCTGCACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4461552_4461633
CGATCCGAACTACGACATCAAACAGCTGGCGCTGGAGTGCGCAAGCAAGCGCATGTATCCGGATATCCTGAACTACGATCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3671554_3671635
GTGGTTACAGGAAGTTATCCATTTTAATGTGCTGGCCATTGTGCCTCGTGATTCAACCGTCGAGACATTTGCGTTGGCGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2094791_2094872
GCAGCGAAGAGAGCAACGGCGTCGACTTGCTGGGCATCATCGACGAAGACGTGCCGAAAATGACCGACTTTGGTCTGCCAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1639751_1639832
AGGTCAACGCCATTGAGCGTGATAAGGCGCTGGCATGGGTGGAGCGCAATATTAAAGTACCACTGACCGAACCACAAAAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 973890_973971
CCATGCGGTGCTCGAGTGGGTGGCTGATCCCCGCAGCGTATTGCAGACCCTCTGGTCAGTGTTGCGTCCAGGCGGCGTGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2338067_2338148
AACGTGCTGGCGACGATGCTGCGCGTCCGGAATGGCTGGAGCCAGAGTTCGGCGTGCGTGATGGTCTGTACTACCTGACCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1937047_1937128
CTTTTTCGGATTAGGCTCTTCAGCCGCCGTTGCCCACGATGCGATGAATAAGTTCTTTCGTTTTAATGTTCCGGTGGTGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4029837_4029918
GCATGACCGAAGCCGCGAAACTGCTGAACAAGCAGCTTGAGCGCGGCAAGATCGATGGTCTGAAACTGGCTGGCGTGATCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 151262_151343
TGCATTACAGGGAACTGGCGATGTGCTAAATCAGTTACATATTGATTTTAGAGCCCTTAGCGGTGTCATGGCTGCTGGCTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 609279_609360
GGCATCGTCTTAACGAGGCACCGAGGCGTCGCATTCTTCAGATGGTTCAACCCTTAAGTTAGCGCTTATGGGAGTAATCCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3006818_3006899
TGAAAGGTAAAAAAATCGCCATGACCTGGGCCTACTCTCCAAGCTATGGCAAACCGCTCTCTGTACCACAAGGCATCATCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1739293_1739374
GGAACTGGCGATTGGCGCAACACGCGCGATTCCGGTAGGCGGTCGTTATGCCTTCCGGGATATGGGGATGCTAAGCTGGAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1041933_1042014
TCAGTTACCTGAATGCTCTGAGGCTGATGACAAACGAAGAACTGTCTAATGCGTAGACCGGAAAAGGCGTTCACGCCGCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1924116_1924197
AGTGGGGCATGCGACGCTGAATGAAGGGGTAACAGCGAAAATCCATCAGACTAATCACGCGATTCACCTGATTTGTGCGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2806503_2806584
CGTTGGGGATATGGCTGGCGAGAAGTCCGCGAGCGGCGAAAATTATTCGTCCACTGCTTGATGCCATGCAGACCACGCCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4355643_4355724
TGGAGAACGACTGGTCCGGATATTTGCTGGCGATCGTTTGCCTCATTGCCGCACAAATCATTGCCCGCATGATGATCAAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3525467_3525548
CACTTGTTTATGCCGGATACGGCGTGAACGCGTTATCCGGCTAACAAAATCGTGAAAACTCAATAAATTGCAGAAACCCCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1021413_1021494
ACTGAAGCTGGTGCGTCTGTCGAAATATTCTCTCGATGCAGCGCTGAAAGAGAAAAGCACGCGCAATACCCGGGAAAGACT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2793336_2793417
CCGCCATCGTGATTGAGCCGGTTCAGGGCGAAGGCGGTTTCTACGCCTCGTCGCCAGCCTTTATGCAGCGTTTACGCGCTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2243279_2243360
AATGGTCACCGTGCGCGATATCACTCTGACCAGCACCTGTGAACACCATTTTGTTACCATCGATGGCAAAGCGACGGTGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2411725_2411806
GAATAAAGCAGGTATTCCGTGGGCCATTGTGACTTCTGGCTCCATGCCGGTAGCGCGAGCGCGCCATAAAATAGCTGGGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1148117_1148198
CAGTTCTGGCTGAAGAGGTGGTGGAAATTCCCAATCCTCGCGTGGCGTTGCTCAATATTGGTGAAGAAGAAGTAAAGGGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3556302_3556383
CCACGGTTTTTACCCTGCCGGAGGCGGTGTGGTGGCAACGGAAGTCTCGCCCGTGGCATCGTTTAACACCTTGCAACTTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3604652_3604733
TTTCTCAGCAGTTAATTAAGAATCTGGCGACACTAAAAGCAGGCAATGCACGCGTGGTGAACAGCAACGCGATGTCATTCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2659170_2659251
CTTTGCACGGCTTTGATCTCGCCAGCGAGCAGCATACTGTGCGCGACACCGCGTTCCTGATGGAACAGTTGGAGCTGCGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4454041_4454122
GTGGAAAATCCCTGGCGGCGGTCGCTTAAGTGCGATGGGACTGCTGATGTTGGCGGTGGTGGTTATCGGCATATTCCTCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 863934_864015
TGTTAAAAGCGGAAGGGATTCCGACGCTGGGAACCGCGGTATATGGCGCAGCACAAGGGCTGCTGTCGGCGCTGGCAGGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1990247_1990328
GATTTTTACGTCGTTTGGTTTTCACGGTAGCGTGCCGAGTATTGTCAGCTATATGGATGGCAACATTCGTAAGCTACGCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2904021_2904102
CCCCGCTGGCGCGGGGAACTCGACAGAACGGCCTCAGTAGTCTCGTCAGGCTCCGGTTTATCCCCGCTGGCGCGGGGAACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 762091_762172
GCGTCTGCTGGAAGCGAAAAACTCCACCGCCATGCTGACCACGTTCAACGAAGTCAACATGAAGCCGATTATGGATCTGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2087754_2087835
GAGCGGATATTATTGTTGGCGCGATGCATGAGCCACCATCTTCCAGTGAGTTTGGTTTTTCACGGTTGGGCGATCTGGAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1726283_1726364
GGCTTATTACCAGCAAACACTGAACCAGTTTTGCCAACATGGAACCATCAGTGGTTGCCTGACAGTAAAACTCTCTGCCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 538321_538402
TGGTGGTGATTAACGCGGTAGTTGCGGTCTGGGCGGCACCGGCGGTGAGCGCATCCGACTTTACGCAAAACGCCCACTCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1392401_1392482
TTCTGAACGTTTTGATGCAGGCGTCCGTCTGGGTGGGGAGATGGATAAAGATATGATCGCCATTCGAATCGGGCCAGATAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4001862_4001943
ATGAAATTGAAAATATCTATAGCGACCTGGAGCAGTTGAGCCGGGTGATTATGGAAGGGCATCAGGGCGATGAGTACGACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4066462_4066543
TCGAAACCCAGCCTGCTAATCCGGCGCAAAAGCCGGGCCTGCTGCAATCTTTCCGCGCAATTGCGGGTAACCGCCCGCTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 118159_118240
GCCACTATGTCGAATTGCTGGAAGGCACCAACACGCAGTTGTTGGATACGCGCAAAACCTTACCCGGCCTGCGTTCAGCTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4009642_4009723
CCATTGCGCTAACTGCGCCAATGTTTGGGATCGTGATTCGTATGCCGTCATTTATGGCACGGCAGATCCTCAACTGGGCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3112478_3112559
TGAGGAAATCAACCGCGACCATGTGATGCTGCGTTATCAGGGAAAAATAGAGCGTCTGAGTCTGGCAGAAGAGGAACGTTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2213762_2213843
TACCCGGCAAACCGATTTCTTCAACTTATACTTTAAAAGCGATTGAAACCGGTGAAGTGGTCTACGCTGATGGCAACGAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 600246_600327
GGAAAGCAGTAACCCGCTCAATCGCTTTTTGATTCGTGTTTATCATCCGCTGTTGCTGAAAGTACTGCACTGGCCGAAAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1865170_1865251
ATTGATCGCCCAGGGAAAAATCCGCCGCTGGGGCGTTTCTAACCTTGATTATGCTGATATGCAGGAACTCTGGCAGCTGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1452580_1452661
CTCAGGAAGGCGTGAAAATGGGCGCACTGGTAAATGCTGAGCAGCGTGCCGATGTGCAGGAAAAAGTGAACATATTGCTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 250410_250491
CGGCAGCGCGAAGATTATGCCGTTCTTTAAAACGCTGCTGGTGGAGCTCGCGCCAGTGTTCGACTCGCTCGATAATAAAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2400847_2400928
GGGGTAAACCGACCTGTGTCAACAACGTCGAAACCCTGTGTAACGTTCCGGCGATCCTCGCTAACGGCGTGGAGTGGTATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2569880_2569961
GCCAACCGCAGTTGCGGATCTGCTGCAACTGGACAACGCCGGTGTAGTGGATATCGGCGGCGGCACTACCGGCATTGCCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3649540_3649621
TCCGCAGAACTACGATATGGCGCTGCTGAAATCTCCCGCAGAAGCGATCAAAGATCCTGCTACGTTCAAAACTGGCTGGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3520045_3520126
AAGTTTGCGTGAGTTAGGCGTGAAATGGACGCTGGCCGATGCGCAACACGCTGGTGGCGTTGGGCAAGTCACCACGCTTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2110539_2110620
CGGTATTTGCCTATCACGTTAATGATCCAGAACGCTATGGTGTCGTTGAGTTTGATAAAAACGGTACGGCAATCAGTCTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4000635_4000716
AAATCTCGCTTCAGGTGAAGGGAATTTCTTTATCCGTCCTGGCGGCGTGTTTTATGTCGCGGGAGATAAAGTCGGCATCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1416047_1416128
GGATGCTCAGTCACAGGTAAATTCTGTTGATGCGAAATATCAGGAACTGCGGGCAGAACTCCATGAAGCCCGGAAAAACAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3320761_3320842
TCAAACTGTTTAATCAAGCAATAAGCGGCGCACCTTACACTGCGCTGTCGGTTCCCCTTTCTTTAACTGCTGATTCTGTTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2810996_2811077
AATTAAGTTGTGCTCTTGGATCATCCCGTACCAACGCGACGCGTATTGCCGATGAACTGGAAAAACGCGGTTGGATCGAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2080023_2080104
ACAACGGGCGTTCATCCACTGGCGCATTCAACTGGCGAAAAGTCTGACCGAGTATAATCGGGTCTATCAATCTGCATTCTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 458024_458105
GAGACGTTTCCGGTGAAGGCGTACAGCAGGCACTGTTGAAACTGATCGAAGGTACGGTAGCTGCTGTTCCACCGCAAGGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2063888_2063969
GTGTCACGCTGTTTGGTGTAGGTGAACTGGGGATGGCAAACACGACACCGGCAGCAGCAATAGTCAGCACAATCACTGGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2619476_2619557
TCGATACCACGCCGATTATTAATGCTCACTGGTTTGCGCTGCCAACCCTCTATACGCCGCGCTTCGAGTGGTTTGCCATTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2506050_2506131
AGTGGTTTATGCGCCAGCAGGGCGCAGAAAAAGCCTCTTTTGACACCATTGTCGCCAGTGGCTGGCGTGGGGCGCTGCCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3338146_3338227
TGCCGCGCGTAACGCTGGAAATTGAACAACGTTATAACCACATTCCAGATACCAGTTCGCTGAGCATTCGTACTTCCGGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3239023_3239104
TGCCTTCCTGCTGTTTACCGGCGTGAAGATGGCGCTCGCCCATGAAGATGAATCAGGCATTGGCGACAAGCCGCTGGTGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3368351_3368432
GCAAATTGCGACCCAGTTTTATGAGCGGACACTACTGTCACATGACAAATCAGCCATGCTGCAACAACACGCTCCTGCCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2354855_2354936
TGAAGAAAACTGGCCGCTGTTACTTGATGCGCTTATTCCTGTCGCCAATACCTGCGAAATGATCCTGATGCCCGCCTGCTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4633120_4633201
CATCGTGCACCGAATGCCGGATGCGGCGTGAACGCCTTATCCGTCCTACAAATACCCGTAATTTCAATATGTTTGGTAGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2735482_2735563
AACCGTTCCGGCTCAGACGCGTTTAGTCGAATCTTTGCAACGGCGTGAAATTACTCGTGAGTATGAAGCGGTGGCGATTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4214705_4214786
CTGGGCGGTACAGGCCGCGCTCAATATCCTCTACGGCATTCCTAAGCAAACTCGCACCGAAAAACTCTCTGGCGTTTACGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3970659_3970740
CACTGTTATGGGTGCGTGACCAGGTGATGAGCAGCGACAAGCTGCGTTCAGAACTGGCGGCAAATTACCCGTTTATCGACC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1683493_1683574
TATCAACGCCTTAATTGCCAGCAAAAAACAGCTTATTGACGGTATCGCTCACGAACTGCGAACACCGTTAGTGCGCCTGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1446253_1446334
ATCTATTTTCCTGAAACAAGGTGAATATTCAAAAACTCCTGTCAAATTGCCTTTTGCCCTGAAAAATGCATAGTCAAATAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1224916_1224997
GGCAGGGATTGAAACCGGTGCGTTAATGGCACTCTATTTTGCAGACGAAGCCATTATTACCACCAACCCGGAAGTCTCCTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1000477_1000558
TCGGAGCAATTTCGTTCGATGCGACCCAGGCGAAGAGTACGCTAGCAGATCAAAGCGAACATAAAGGTCAGTCATATCGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1899187_1899268
TGGTGGGCTACATCGCCTGGCTGGCGACCGCTTACCGAATGAGCTTTTCCCGCGAAATCAATCTGGGCCTGGCGCAACATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3476974_3477055
TGATAACGAAGCAAAAGGTAAAGAGTACCGCGAGAAATTTGCCAAAGAGAAAGGTGTGAAAACCTCTTCAACTGGTCTGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2805377_2805458
TGGACGAAGCCTTCTCGGCGCTCGATCCATTAATTCGCACCGAGATGCAGGATGAGCTGGTAAAATTACAGGCGAAACATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3678764_3678845
GTCAGCAACCAAAAATCCTGCGCCAGATTGAGCGTCTTCCCTGGCTGCGTTTCGAACTGGTGGAGCATATCCGTCTGCCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1564494_1564575
GCAATAACCTGCACAATTACCTCGATGACCTGGTCGACAAAGCCGTCTCTCCCGTGGTGTATCTCATCGGTGTTGACCATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4173525_4173606
TTTAAGTCTGGTTATCGGTATCGTGATGGCGGAAGTATTACGCAAGCTGGGTGCAGATAAAGTTCGTGTTAAATGGCCTAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 273988_274069
GCTGACTCAGTCATTTCATTTCTTCATGTTTGAGCCGATTTTTTCTCCCGTAAATGCCTTGAATCAGCCTATTTAGACCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2291213_2291294
ACGCTTATCAGGCCTACGTGGATCGATCAATTTATTGAATTTACACAATTTTGTAGGCCGGATAAGGCGTTCACGCCGCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2696540_2696621
ACTTCTTCAACGAAATGAATGAAGACGGTACGCTGGCACGCATTGAAGAGAAATACCTGGGGCATGGCGATGATTTTGATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3451944_3452025
GTCCGCAGGACCACAGTCAAAAAGTTAACAAGAAGATGTACCGCGGCGCGCTGAAAAGCATCCTGTCCGAACTGGTACGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 109592_109673
CATTGAAGATATCAAAGAACGTACTGCGAAAGGCCAGCCGGTGCTGGTGGGTACTATCTCCATCGAAAAATCGGAGCTGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3198182_3198263
GCAGGAAGATGACACTACGCCAGTGCTGGCGCATCTTAGCGAGGATGATCGCAAACAGGTGCTAACGCTGATTGCCGATTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3530174_3530255
ATACCCTGGCGGCCTGCCTGGAAGATTACTTTATGCGTTCTGAACAGCTGCCGACGCGCCTGTTTATTCGCACCGGCGACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 635022_635103
CACATACGGATAAAAATGCCATGGAAATCGTGGATGGTTTTCACCGCCATGAAATTGGTAAAGGCTCATCATCATTAAAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3332213_3332294
TCGAGATATTTACAAAGCTCACCGATTACACCTGGGGAGTTATCTTTGGGGTCGGTGCGGCGACGGTTTGGGTGAGTTATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3148378_3148459
AGGCGCTGTATGTCGGGATCTCCTCTTACTCGCCAGAGCGGACGCAAAAAATGGTCGAGTTGCTGCGCGAGTGGAAAATTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2949868_2949949
CTCTTCCCAGGGCGTCACTAATGACGACGGTGATATTGTCTCCGAACTTTTCCCTAACGAAGCGCAAGCGCGGGTAGAAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4121042_4121123
AGAAGCAAAAAGCGCGTAAGCTGAAAATCAAAGACGCCATGAAGCTGCTGATTGAAGAAGAAGCGGCGAAACTGGTGAACC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3211940_3212021
TAATTACGCCGTTGCGTCGTTAGGTACGTCAACCACCGCCGATCACATACAACTGTTGTTCCGCGCGACCAACAATGTCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3232635_3232716
CGCAATCGGGACGAGCCGATGAGATCAACACTTGTATTGGCTGCAATCAGGCCTGTCTCGATCAAATCTTCGTTGGCAAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4068219_4068300
GGGCGTGCAGTTCCTGGCCTATATCAACCCGTATGTTGCCAGCGATAAAGATCTCTGCGAAGAAGCGGCACAACACGGCTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2923354_2923435
CGAAGATAAAGGCCCGCAGCCAGCAGTGACGCATTATCGCGGTCTGGCGACCGTAGAAATGCCGGTAGCGACCGGACGTTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 565357_565438
AGCGAGTCAGATGGCTGGAAAAGGAGGAAGCAAAACGCCTTATTGATGAGTGCCCCGAACCACTGAAATCTGTCGTCAAGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 746291_746372
GCATCCGTTTTTACAACGCGTTGGTCCCGATGTGCTGGATCCGAATCTGACGCCGGAGGTGGTGAAAGAACGATTATTGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3022712_3022793
GTCCGGTACTGTTCCGCTACACCCGTGAAGAAGAGTTTATTGCTAACACCTCTCGTCACGTCGCGAAAGTCACCGTCAAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2396914_2396995
CTGCGCAGACCCTGAGCTACGAAGTGTTCCTCGGGCTTTCCTTGATGGGCGTGGTGGCGCAGGCCGGTTCATTCAACATGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3056476_3056557
TGAATTACCATCCGCAAAGCGAACTGGTGATGAACAGGTTGAAGATCCATGAGCCAAAATTGGATGTGCGTGACGTGCTAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4019193_4019274
GATTGGCAACGTTGAGTATGTTCAGGCGAACGCTGAGGCGCTGCCGTTCCCGGATAACACCTTTGATTGCATCACCATTTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3027765_3027846
GATTATTGCAATTTCGATCATCGGCTTAATCTTTGACCCAGCGGTGAAATACCACGGTCTGGTGGCGATGCCAAGCCTGAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 143203_143284
AGCGCCGTTTAATGATTGCCCGTGCGTTAATGCATGAACCTAAACTACTGATTCTCGACGAACCGACCGCAGGCGTGGATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 359089_359170
TCATTCCAACTGTGGCGCGATGACCGCCATTGCCAGCTGTCAGTGCATGGACCATATGCCTGCCGTCTCCCACTGGCTGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3497367_3497448
TCTATAGCTGGGGCGGCGGTAGCCTGCTGCCGGTAGATACCAGCATCGTTCACTCCGTCGCGCTGGCTAAAACCACTGCAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2860049_2860130
GCGGTGGTGACTGGTTTTTCGATTTAAATGATTCAGAGCAACAAGAGGCAATAGATCTGTTGCTGAAATTCCATCACCTTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2501519_2501600
CGGTGAAGGTGAAGCGATGCTTACCGCCCTCACCCATCTTAGCCGTTCGCCGCTGGAGCAAAATATCATTCAGCCGCTGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 397210_397291
TGCAGGAAGACACCATGCGTTTTGCTTCAACGCTGGAGAATATGGGCGTCAGTTTTATCAACGCCATCATGACGTTGATCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 972159_972240
CGACAATACTCAGGAAAATTTCTGGCCCTCATGGTACCGGCAACATGTTGAAGTGCTATGGACCACGCTCAATCAGTTCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3434648_3434729
TTTAGACACCGGTGATATGCTCTATAAGCTCTCCTGCCCGATTACTGCAGAAGATACCAGTGGTACGCTGTACGACAAGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2742095_2742176
TGCCTTATCTGCCTGTCATCATTCACACTCAACAAGAGGCGATGATTTCAGGCTGCAATGGTTTTTATTTTGGCAACGAGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2797743_2797824
ATAAATTAGCAGCGATTGCCGCCCCCGCAGAAATCTTTTTACTCGAAGATGGGATTGATGGCTGGAAAAAAGCAGGATTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3752440_3752521
TTTTAATCAGCTACGCTCCACCAAAAGATGAATCGCTGGTTGCCAGTTTTATTACCCAATATGCCGTAACCGCTTATGCCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3940942_3941023
GGTCATCGATCACTTTCTGGTTATGCGTATCTGTCTGGAGCCGCAAGCCTGCCTACTGGCAGCAACGGTTGGCACCGCGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4260913_4260994
CTTAAAATTATTTGCTTCGCTGTTAATTTCACTTTCATATTCTAGTGCCTACGCAGATTTATCAGAAACAGTGTATATTAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 564125_564206
TGGCAGAGCGATACAAGCTGGTGCTAACGGTTTTGTCAGTAAATGCAATGATCAGAATGATATTTTTCATGCCGTTCAGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 88491_88572
ACTTCACCAGCGTGGTTGGTGCCGATCAGGATGATGCCGAAATGCTGGCGGAAGAGTTACGTAAGTTTCCCGCCGAGACGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3075660_3075741
CGTTAGGCAAACCGCTGGATAAGCTGCGCATGGTTACGCTGGATAAACCGCGCCTGAGTGCCGCGATTGAGGAAGCAACAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2008840_2008921
AAAACCGGATCAGGCGCGGCGTCGTTTTCGTCTCGGGATGCTGGTCTTTTTCGGCATGCTGGGCTGGGCGCTGCTCACAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2887906_2887987
CGCAGCCTGGCAGGAAGCACGCTACGGAAAACTGTGGGAGCAGGGCGTTGAAGGCATTGAAAAGTACAATGACATCAACAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2709685_2709766
AAAATTACCTGGTTGCTCAGGGGCGTCGTCCACCTTCCAGTGATGTGGATGCCATTGAAGCTGAAAACTTCGAAAGTGGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3681153_3681234
CAAAACGTTTGGCGAACTGAAAGGCAAACGTGAAACGCCAGCTCCGGTGCCGACGCTTTCTCCGCTGCGTGCGGAAGCGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4443209_4443290
GGACGTGGGACCGCGCGTGAAAGCGACGTGGAAAAAGCCGTGGATGAACTCTTATGGTCACAGTCTGACCACCAGTACTAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3444938_3445019
TGATTAACGTCGCGCTGAATAACGGCACTCTGCAACACCCTGTTAAAGGTGTTCACACGGGTTCTCGCGTATTCATGCAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1507722_1507803
GAAATTTATCGGCCTGCCGGTAGGCGAAGTAGTGAAAGTGGCGAAAGATCATCTCGATGTTGCCGTTACCGAGCCACTGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3230024_3230105
TAGCGTGCGTCCGCAGGATGTGGGCTTTGTCCCCGACCTGATAGCGTGGAACCTTAGCCCCGAGCGTGGTGGCGATGGCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3745403_3745484
CCAGCAAAAAGCAACGATGCAGGAAATCTGGCACTCTTTTGTCTCCGGTATCTGGGCGCTGTTTCTTCCAGTCATCATTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2849504_2849585
GCATCGCCTGCCCGTTTGGCGCAATTGAATTTTCCGGCAGCCGTCCGCTGGATATTCCGGCAAACGCCAATACCCCGAAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1337129_1337210
CTCGTGCACCAACACCTCTAACCCAAGTGTGCTGATGGCCGCAGGCTTGCTGGCGAAAAAAGCCGTAACTCTGGGCCTCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4618851_4618932
GCGCGTTTATGCCGACCTACGAACTCTCTGAAGCCCTTGCCGAAGCGATTGTTGGCGTGGCTAACGGCGCTGGCGTGCGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 943683_943764
TTTTGTTGTGGTCGATGAAGATGTGTGCATTGGCTGCCGCTACTGCCATATGGCTTGCCCGTATGGCGCACCGCAATATAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3817068_3817149
CGCGGCGCTGGATGGTACGCTGGACGACTTTATTGTCGCGCGCGAAACCGAAGGTCAGGCACTGAAAGCATTGATCGAGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1587238_1587319
TGGAGTTGTCATAAAAGCGGGGGAAGTCATTGCCCGTATTCATATGTATAAAATTGCAACATTAGGAAGCGGAAATCCGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 282693_282774
ACTTCCCGGCGCTGACCGGGCAGGATCTGACTCCGGCGCTGGTGAAAACCCTCGCCGACTCGCGCAGCAATATTATCGGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4480289_4480370
GTATTGTTTCCATTGGTATTTTTAATGGTACTTTATATAGTCTGGTAATGAGTTTTCTCTGGAGTAATACCAGTTTCGGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1343008_1343089
GTGGCTTTCGAATATTTTACTGTGCGTATTATTCAGTTATTTCGTACTGAACAGAATCAAGCGTATTATAATTGCGAGTCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 814497_814578
GCTGTTTGATTACCTGCCTGCCGATGGGCTGCTGGTCGTCGATGAATCTCACGTCACCATTCCACAAATTGGCGGCATGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 521584_521665
TTGTGCTGCTGCTCGCCGGATTAATGGGTGGCAGCATGCTGCTTTGGGCGGTGCTGGCGGGCGCGGTAGTACTGGCTTTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3508112_3508193
TACGCCGCTGGAAGAGAAGGTATTTATTGCCGCTGCGCTGGCGCATAACCAGACCGGACGCCCGATCTCCACGCATACGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2536049_2536130
TGAAACCAACCACGCATTCTCTATCGAATCTGATAGCGGCGTTGAACTGTTCGTCCACTTCGGTATCGACACCGTTGAACT
>Escherichia coli K-12 868416_868497
CCCCCCCATCGAGCAGAAAACGGTGGTGGATGGCGAACCTGTTTTACGAGTGCGTAATCTTGTCACCCGTTTCCCTTTGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3455946_3456027
CCTTGAGTCAGCGCCGGGAACGTTTATTAGAAAAATAAATAAAACCAGCGTTGTGTTTGAAACTCACGGGCATTACGAAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4378338_4378419
CACTGGCTGTGAAGCCGTCTGGTTTGAGTTTTGAGCAGGCGATGCAAACTCGTGTCTTCCAGCCACTCAAACTCAACCATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1878188_1878269
ACTGGTTGAACAGCTGCGCGAAGCCAATGCTGCGCTGATTGCGCAATCGTATACCGACTCGTTAACCGGGCTACCGAATCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3517903_3517984
CTGTCTGAAAACGCTTCCCCCGCGTGAGTTAGCGTCGGGGCTGGCAGAAGTCATCAAATACGGCATTATTCTTGACGGTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1184987_1185068
AGCGCTGGATTACAAACTGCGTAAGCAAATGCAGAACGAGCTGAAAGCGTTACAGCGTAAGCTTGGCATTACATTCGTCTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3636011_3636092
ACTGTTTTTTTCAACCTGTTCATATTTCATAAAGATCTGGCCACTGAGTGAGTTTTCAATCACCTTTCCATCCACCTTATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4223177_4223258
GCTTGATCAAAGCGATCACGAAGCGATTATTATCGACCAGGTACAGTGTACGCATCTGATGCGAATGTCCGCGCCTATCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 381819_381900
GAAGCAGCGCCCATACCCGACGATAACCATACGTTGGCAGCTCTCCGATAACATGGTGTATACGGAGAAGCACATCCGTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4106881_4106962
TGGTGCGGCGGACGCAAAGCCAGGCGGTGCGGGCTGATATGCTACATTACCAGTCTGATGTTATGATGAACGGCGCAATTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3248065_3248146
CCGTACAAAACTGGCTATCTCATTTACCCGCGCATTATCATCAACGCGCACACCATCTTTTTCATAAACACGGTTTATCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4101081_4101162
AAGGCACCACCCTGCAGGGTGACCTGAAAGCGGCTATCGAACGTGACTTCGGCTCCGTTGATAACTTCAAAGCAGAATTTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 847592_847673
CCTGTTAGTGATGGTGAAAGCTAACAATAACGATGTGAAAAGCGTGAAAGATCTCGACGGGAAAGTGGTTGCTGTGAAGAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4262148_4262229
CCAGGACAGCTATGAATTTCTCTGCGATTTCATCAATACCGTTTCCGGCAAAGGCGAGTGTGAGATGTTCATCATCCACGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4293802_4293883
ACGATTACAGCAATTCGTTGCTGGCGTACCGTCAGGCGTTGCAACTACGTGGTGAGAACGCTGAACTGTATGCGGCGCTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1706598_1706679
AAATTGCCGAGTTGCTTAATGTCGAGCCGCAGCCGCTGGATGGCGAAGCGCAAGAGATAACGCCTGCGCGGATGGTGGCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2459775_2459856
AGCGCACCGTTCGCATCAGCGTGCCGCTCAGGCATGGTCAGACGGAAAACTCAAAGAAGAGGTGATGACTGCCTTTATCCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 324066_324147
GCAGCAGGAATGCAATGCCGTTGTTTGGGATCCGGCGAAAGGTGCCGAGAATATCTCGCAGGCAGAGCAGGCTAAAGTGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1927770_1927851
TGAAGAGCGTCAGCGCGGGTTAACCAGTTTGCGCCAAATTAACCGCAAGACCCGGGAAGTCATTGGTATTGCCTTTGATGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1890880_1890961
GGCGCAAAAACGGCGCAACCCGCGTGCTGGCAGCCATTGACGCGCGAATGGGCGAAGTTTACTGGGCCGAATATCAGCGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 67547_67628
CACCATGACGCCTGCCACACAAATCCACGGCAAAAAACGACAGAACGTGCTGGAAGCGGCGCGTATTGAGCTGGGGATGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 820197_820278
TTGTCTATACCGCTGCTTCTATCGCCAGTACTTTCGTCGTTACTGCCGGGATGTTCGGCGCAATGAGCCTGTACGGTTACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1967937_1968018
GTGCTTCAACGGGTGGAACTGAGGCAATTCGTCACGTACTGCAACCGTTGCCGCTTTCCAGCCCGGCACTGTTAATTACCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2238490_2238571
GATCATCGCCATGATGGTTGGGCGTTCTCTTAACCAGCGTTTCCCTGACAAAGAAAACAAACCGGGCGAAGTCATCCTCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 801246_801327
TCCTGAATGCCGCTGGAACCAAAACCGGAAAAGTTTTCCCGACTGATAATCAGATTGATTATTTTGACGATGTCCCGGTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3319269_3319350
CTCCAGCGTCAAAATCGTCAACCCGATTATGGGCGTGAAATTCTGGGATGAGAGCGTGAAGATCCCGGCAGAAGAAGTCAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4107994_4108075
TAGAAGCGATCGACCGTCTGCGTGACACCTCTTCTTCTCACCAGCGTATTTCCGTGGTGGAAGTGATGGGCCGTTATTGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4432534_4432615
TCCCCGATTTTGACTGGGCACGTTATACCTCTGGCATCGTGCTGGCGTTAGTTTCCGTGGTCTGCTGGGCGTGGTATGCCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4193847_4193928
CCGATCTCAATGCCATCCGCGCGGCAGGCCTGCGGCTGGGCGTTTCGACACATGACGATATGGAAATCGACGTCGCGCTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 465160_465241
TCCTGACGCTGGCGGCAATATATGCGTATCAGGTAAAAGCAGAAGCCGTAATTACTGGCGTCTGCGAAACGGATTTCTCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3298489_3298570
ATACCGCATTAACCGGGCGGCGACTGGGCGCGCAGCATATGTTGGTAGTCAGTGCGATGGGTGCCAATGCCCACTCGCCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1709632_1709713
GCGGTCATACCGCCAGTGGTGGTGATATGAACACACTACGCTTAGGTATTGATGGCATTAGTCAGGCGACACCGCTGGATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2183203_2183284
CCTGCTGCGTGGGGCGTATCATTATTTCTCCCCGTCGGTATCCGCTTCAGTTCAGGCGAGATTATTTCTGCAAACGGTGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3661931_3662012
ACCTAACGCCCTGTTCGCACGCTTCAACACGCTGTTTGAAAAATCAACTCAACACTATACCGATAGCACCCGCTCGCTGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3724823_3724904
GCATGGAAGTGACGCAGTTCACTTACTTCCAGCAGGTTGGTGGTCTGGAGTGTAAACCGGTTACCGGCGAGATCACCTACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3098441_3098522
GCCGACATGTGGCAGCGGTTGTAGGTCTGATAAGACGCGCAAGCGTCGCATCAGACGTTGATTGCCGGATGCGGGGTCAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4138444_4138525
ATGCGCTGGCAACCTGGTTTGAAGCGCGTGCCTGCTCTCGTAGCGGCGCGACCACCATGGCGGGCGGCAAGTGCACCCAGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 618781_618862
TACCGCGCCAACCAGTGAAGAGGCGCAGACCGTTTTGAGCGGGTATATCGATTATATCTCTACGTTGGTGGTGAAAGAGTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4295098_4295179
TGCACCGGTGGGTGTGTTTGCGCTGATTGCGGTGACGGTGGCTAACTTTGGTTTCTCGTCTCTGTGGCCACTGGCGAAACT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1621886_1621967
CGAGAAAATCATCGCCACGGAAACAGGCAGTGTCTGGTCGCCGAAAGTTTTATTACAAGATAAAGCACTGTTGTGGTTTAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1142735_1142816
TCGCTGAACGTAAGCGTCCGGAACAACCTGCGCTGGCAACCTTTGCCATGCCGGATGTGCCGCCTGCGCCAACGCCAGCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1455498_1455579
TGGAAAGCCGTGATCCGCAACTGGCGGCGATTTCTGCCAAAGCAATTAAAGAAGCGCGCTATCACCTGCGTTTTAGTCGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3176380_3176461
TGTTGCTGGATAGCCAGGTGTTTGGCGTGCCGCACGGTGAGCTGAGCGAGTTTCAGCTTGAGTGGCTGGAACGTAAACTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3245834_3245915
ATGGTCAGGAAGCCCAGCACCAGGTGAGCACGGCGAAGAAAATGTCCGTTGGTCAGATCCTGCGTAACCGTCAGTTCTGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 752473_752554
TGATCTGCCTGCTTCTGACAACGGTAGCGGAATGCCGGTATCCAAAGTTGGCGTAACCTTCGATAGCACGGCTAAGACAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 74949_75030
GGCGGGTGATTTATCAGGATCCGCGCACCAGTACACCGGGGCTGGGTCTGTTGCTATGGATGCAAAAAGTCTATGGCGATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 4547968_4548049
CACCCTGTGGTAATGCCGTTTCTGCCGTAAAGGTTGGGTTTACTGGCGTTGCAGATAGCCACAATGCCAACCTGCTTGCAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 983934_984015
TATGTTTGGTCTGGAAGAGTGCCAGCCGCTGACGCCAGATCGTTGGCTGAACGAAGGCGATACCATCAGCATAGGGAATGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2446891_2446972
AAGACTGGTCGCAGGTCGAGCAAAATCCGTTTTTTTGCCCGGACCCCGACAAAATCGACGCGTTAGACGAGTTGATGCGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1643740_1643821
CTTTGGCTGAATTATCCTGGTGGGCGGTCTGCAATCAGGTGGTGGATGCACTACCTGAGGCTGTATCGCGTCGTTCGCTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 536059_536140
AGATTCACGCAACGCTTGTAGAAAACCTGCGTTATGCCGCGAATATGCTGATGAAAGAAGATATTTTATTACTGATTGAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1905932_1906013
GGCGAATGATTATTGAGGGTTTTCGTGGCGCAGATGATGAAGATGAAGAGCCGCGCCGTCGACACGGTTTCTGGCTACTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3547178_3547259
GTCTCTACAGCGCGAAAACCTTCAGCGAAGAAGAGATGCCGAGCTTTGGCGTCAGCGTCTGGACCTCTCTGGTGCCGGTAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4071096_4071177
TGGATCGCGCGATTCGCGTGGCTTCCGTGATTATCCACGACGTCGCCAGAAATAATCATTATCGCGTTAACGAACACTTCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1840081_1840162
AGTTTCTGATGAACAACTAAAAGCGATGCTGGCAAAACACGGCATTCGCCATGACACCACGGTCATTCTGTATGGGCGTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2239810_2239891
TCAGGGTTGGGATCTGAACAAAGACGGTCAGATTCAGTTCGTACTGCTGAAAGGTGAACCGGGCCATCCGGATGCAGAAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 584016_584097
ATGTATATCCTTACTTGCCATGTTCAAAAAACGCGAAAGTGTAAATTCATTTATACTAACAAATATAAATACATTTACCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1548885_1548966
GAACTACTGGAGCAACTATCCGAAGTTCTTCGTTAGCCTGATGAAATCTTTCTATGGCGATGCCGCGCAGAAAGAGAACAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 605058_605139
AGCTGGTTGTTGACCAGGAAGATGCCGATGGCCGCTTTGCCACGCCGGAAGCGAAAGCCGCGAACGATAAAGGTCGCAAGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1400971_1401052
TCAATGGCAGGGAAACAGCGATGAGAAACTGCAGACATTGACCGAAAGTCAGCGTTTTGGTTTACGCATAGCAGGTGTCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3861541_3861622
ATTGGCGGCGTCCTGGAACTGGTGGATTATATGGAAAAATATTCACCAAATGCCTGGATGCTCAACTACTCCAACCCGGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4543350_4543431
TTCAGCTGAATGATTGCGATACCAATGTTGCATCTAAAGCCGCTGTTGCCTTTTTAGGTACGGCGATTGATGCGGGTCATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2245734_2245815
GCAAATACACGTTGCCGCTGACGGCGATTAATCAGTTTCTCACGGTTGGCGGTGAATGGCGTCACGACAAACTTAGCGATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1823919_1824000
TTTTTCACGAGCCCCCAACCTGTTTGGCCTGTTTGCCAATAGGCGCGCAGCTTTGCAAGCATTGCAGACCATCGCTGATGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 277662_277743
TACATCGTTCATTGTAGGCCTGATAAGCGCAGCGCATCAGGCATTGCCGGATGGCGGCACAAGCGCCTTATCCGGCCTACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 59444_59525
TAGCCCATGAATAACAATCAGAAAGGACCATAACAGACCCGTTAAAATGAAATATAAGAGACGGTCAACGGGTGAAGAAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1469663_1469744
AAATTTTGATCCAGTAAGCACGGTTTTGGCCTTTTCGCCATTCTGTTGGCTCGGTTATTAGCATCAACAGCTTTGTAATAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3614415_3614496
CCTTCGCCCGCTTTAGCCAGAATCCGGCTTACCACACCCAACTGTCACAGCCGATCGAAACCGTGATGCTGGCGCTCAATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2869854_2869935
GTCATTTAGGTTTTCCGGCGCTTGCCGTCTCGCTTGACGGGCATAAACATTACGACACTGCCGCGGCGGTAACCTGTTCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 120825_120906
GTCTGGAACTGGTGGGGATCACCGCAGCAGAAGCTGATAACCCGGAGCAAAGTATACCGAAAGCAACTAACCAGGTTATCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4396694_4396775
CGGTGGTACGCGGGAGAAAAATGTCACCATCGCCATCGCGCGTAAATTGCGTACTTTGCTCAATGACGATCCGATGTTTAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2339889_2339970
TGCAGGAAACCGTGGAAGAGCACGCGGCAAAACATGCCGGGCAGTATGATGTGGTGACCTGCATGGAGATGCTGGAGCACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2867016_2867097
GACGATTGAACGGGCGATTATGAACCAAACCCGTACTATTCGTTTGCCGATTCACATCGTAAAGGAGCTGAACGTTTACCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1377320_1377401
CTGCGGCGTTCCCGGCTGGGGTGTCTTTACCAATAAAGAACTGCAGGGTGGTGGCCCGCTGATCGACATCGGCATTCATAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4286353_4286434
CAGTTACTTGCTGTACGGCCCGCTGGCCTGCGGTGCGACCACGCTGATGTTTGAAGGCGTACCCAACTGGCCGACGCCTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3390477_3390558
ACCTGTGCCAACGGGTTCCCCTCACCCTAACCCTCACCCCAAAGGGGCGAGGGGACCGTTCGTGCACGTAGAAAGATTAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3652463_3652544
GTAATCTGCTGCATGGAGAGGAGCAATTTGTCTCAGCCGATGCCGGCTACCAAGGGGCGCCACAGCGCGAGGAGCTGGCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2233198_2233279
CGCTGCTGGTGTCGACCCATCAGATATTGTTCTCGATTACGCAGGCTTTCGTACGCTGGATTCCATCGTGCGTACACGCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1484973_1485054
ATGCCGATAAACAAGAATATACCGGCGCACGTAACGCGCGTTTCTCCATCTTCCCCGGTTCTGGTTTATTCAAAAAACCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 248207_248288
GGATAAGGCGTTTATGCCGCATCCGGCAGTTATGCGCAGATGCCTGATGCGACGCTGGCGCGTCTTATCATGCCTACAAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3264312_3264393
TCACTGTCTGGCTGGGGATTTCCATCATGGTTTTCTCCTTTAACTTCTCGCCAATCGTCTCTTCCTTCGTGGTTTCTAAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3978025_3978106
GGACCCTTCGCTCAATACGATGGCGAACGATCGGCAACGTGAAGGGAAAATGACCATTCTGGTGGGGAACTCCGGCGACCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3338818_3338899
CGCAGAAATCGGCCTGATGCGCGCTACAGAGCAACTCTCCAGTATGGAGATGATGGCGGTGGATCCGCTGCGTCGGGTTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 912949_913030
AGGCACGGGCGTTAATGTCTACACCCACGGCGAAATGCTGCCTGCGCATGGCTACCCGGAGCTGCGTAAATTCAAGCATCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1156225_1156306
TACGTAGTCGTTGTCGGTTACATTACCTTGCGCCGCCGCCGGAACAGTACGCCGTGACCTGGCTTTCACGCGAAGTGACAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 628885_628966
AGCAAACCATGAACCAGTTTCGCCGTCAGCGGGGCGGGGCGATTGTCACTGTGGCGTCCGACGCCGCGCACACGCCGCGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 968820_968901
ATTACCGTCTGGCGCGTGATGTGGAAATTGTCGTTATTGATGGTGTGCGTCGCTTTGGCAATGGCTGGTGGTTGCCGGCGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2677566_2677647
ATCATATTGTGTCGCTGATGCTCGGGCGCGATCACGTTGATATTGCGCCGGTAGCCCCTCAGGAAATTGTGGATCAGGCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1197160_1197241
ATACAGTTGCTTTCGAGGATGTCGACAAAATAATTGGGGGTTACGATTTCATCCTTTGCTCTAATGTTCTCTCTGCCGTTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1828956_1829037
CGGTCAGCCGGAGAAAATTCTCGCCCTTGAGATGGGCGGTAATAATCCGCTAATTATCGATGAGGTGGCGGATATCGACGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2732847_2732928
ATCGTCGTATCATCCAGCTCAAACTGGAACAACAGGCGTTAATGAAAGAGTCTGATGAAGCCAGTAAAAAACGTCTGGATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2465728_2465809
TGCTGCTGGGTAATATTCTCGGGACAGGTATTGCGGCGTGGGCATTTGAATATATGCCTATCTTCAATGAAGAAACTCGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4318346_4318427
CGGGGCACGTCATTACGGCGATATTCGTGCCACCGCGCAGAAGTGGCTGGAAGAGGTGGAGATTCCCGCCAACCGGATCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 111502_111583
ATCAGGCCTAAAGGGATTTCTAACTCATTGATAAATTTGTTTTTGTAGGTCGGATAAGGCGTTCACGCCGCATCCGACATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4119847_4119928
CACCGTGGGCAATCGTCCTTATGGTTATATCGGTCTGGGTGATATTTCCGTACTGGTTTTCTTTGGCTGGTTGAGTGTCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2356077_2356158
TCAACGCAATGGGTACCGGTGTACAACTGCTCAGCAAAGAAAAATGCTGCGGCGTACCGCTAATCGCCAACGGCTTTACCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2180558_2180639
ATGTAGCGCTGGCGTCCAGCCCGACCCATAAATCCGATCTGGCGGTTGCAGGCGCGGTAGTCATCGCATGGGCGATTTCTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1213654_1213735
GAGAGTACCCAGTAGATCAATTGATTAATCATGTTTACCTTCCTGTTCGCCAGCGTCTCGTGCTTGATCACAACACCTCCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2057761_2057842
CCGATAAAGACGCGATAGCGACATCCCGCATAAGGCATTTTTCTCTTTATCTTTGTACGGTACTTCATGGAACAGAGTTTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1670286_1670367
CGGTTGTTTCGCGCTGGCCTCGGCGTTGATGTTCTGGAAAATCCTCCCTGAATCACGCCATTTTCGCCCGACTTCGCTGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2766415_2766496
ACCGCTGTCATGTTACAGAGTTTTCACGTTTAACTTGGCAGCCCTGCTTGATTTACAGGGTTTGGAGAAAGTGCTAATCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3689669_3689750
TGAGGATAACAGCTGGCGTTTTAACCCCAGCTACCTGCCGCCGACGCTGGCGCAGTATTTCACCCGCTTTGGCGCGCCGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2717970_2718051
CGGAATTGACAAAAGCGTCAGGCACGGAACATCACGGCGGCGTTTGCTTCTTGATCAAAAAGCGTAACGGTACAACCGTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3536185_3536266
TTAACCCGCGTGAACTGCTGGCCCGTATCCGTGCGGTGCTGCGTCGTCAGGCGAACGAACTGCCAGGCGCACCGTCACAGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 745493_745574
ACAACCAGGCGGCGAAAGAAGCACAACTGGCAGACGCCATCGCCAGAGCGGTATACGCTTGCGATCCAGCATTGATTCTCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3871045_3871126
AGCTGAACTGGATTACATTCGTGATGGCGGCGGTCTGGTGGATGGTGATGCGCCGGTGAAGAAAGAGGCGCGTCAGCCGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1690567_1690648
TGGAAAAAATGACCATTTCAGTGGAAGGCAAAGAACTGGCACTGCTGGAAGGCATGGAGATCAGCGGTAAATCGGATCTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4539104_4539185
CACACGCTACGGACCCTACGTAAAACTGTCCTGGGACGCGACAAAAGATCTTAATTTTGGCATTCGCTATCGTTACGACTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3109867_3109948
TTATGTCGCGATTATTGTCCTGTTTTGCGCCAGCGGCACCGGGATCTTCGGGGCGATGAACGAAGGGATGACCGGCGATCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1306227_1306308
CTAACCTGATTAACCGCTATCCGCATGAGTTCTCTGGTGGGCAGTGCCAGCGTATCGGGATTGCGCGTGCTCTTATTCTTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3791914_3791995
GGACGGCGTGATTGCCAACCTGAAGGGCGTTTGCGATCTGGCAGATAAATATGATGCCCTGGTGATGGTAGACGACTCCCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 122435_122516
CCGCGCTGCGTAGTACCGATGAAGACAAGGAACGCATCCGTGAACTCCACCACGCCATAGAGCTGGCGCAGCAGTCTGGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 952374_952455
TCCGGAACCGAACATGACCATTCTGTGGTCTGAAAAACTGCCGCTGAACTTCAAGAAATTCGCCGCTAAAGTGTCCATCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 4110268_4110349
AAAATACGGCCAGCCGGTTCCCGATCGCGCGGTTTCTTTGGCGATCAACTCCCGCACCGGGCGTACGCAAAACCATTTTCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1034111_1034192
CAAACCGTGGAGCGAAATCGGCACTGGTCTTTCTGATAAATGCGTTCTCAGCTACGGCGCATTCCCGGATATTGCCAACGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2662914_2662995
GCTGGTGTTTGGTCGCGAGCGCGTCGGCTTGACCAATGAAGAGTTGCAGAAATGCCATTATCATGTCGCGATTGCGGCTAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3096064_3096145
AAGTGGTGACCTTCCTGCCAATCATCTGGATTGCCGGTTTACTGATTCTGCTGAAAACCATCGGCCTGCTGATTTTCTGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1214830_1214911
CTTTTGAAGCCATTGTGCAAAAAAATGAAGATAGCCCATCAGCCATAGCGGTTGGGCAGCGTAAAGACGGGGAAATCTACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2371695_2371776
TCATCATTGCCGGTAGCCTGCCGTGGCTGGGATTACTCCCCGGTGCACTGTACACAGGCTGGAAAAACCGCAAGCATTCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2663804_2663885
TAACGAACTGTTCACCGCCACTCGCGGTCAGGGCGCACAGCTGAACGGCTACCGACTGCGCGGCAGCACCGCTCGCGATCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 670212_670293
AGGAACAAGGACCGGACGTGCCGCTGGCGTTTATTATTGGTCAGGATTCACTGCTGACCTTTCCGACCTGGTACGAATACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2497637_2497718
CGAAAAAGTAGTGGCGCTGGCGAAACGCTACGATGTGCTGGTGGTCCATGACCTGGCCTATGCCGATATCGTCTACGATGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3787428_3787509
ACAGGCGAAACTGACTCAGGCGCTGAACGAGCGTAAAAAGACGCTGGCAGGGCTGGAGTCTTCCATCCAGCAAGGTCAGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2760821_2760902
CCACTTTACGTTACGCATGGGTCAGAGAATATACCAAAAATAGAAAGCGGCATTACCATTTGATACTGTGTTTCAATCAGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1164568_1164649
GAAAACGACCGGGAAACACTTCCCAGGACACGGTGCAGTAACGGCAGACTCACACAAAGAAACACCGTGCGATCCACGTCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2513604_2513685
TGCTGGAACCGAAATACGTCGTTGCTGCGCTGGTACTGAACATGTTCAGCACCTTTATCGTGCTGTCGCTGATCAATCCTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 210710_210791
GGGTAAAAGTGGTATGAGCGGCGAGCGTGTTGCGGGAAAAGTGATCTTCGAAACGCAATCGACCCACAAAATGCTGGCGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1677098_1677179
TGCCGCCCAGGCAAAAGAGGTCGATATCATTGTCACCACCGCGCTTATTCCAGGCAAACCAGCGCCGAAGCTAATTACCCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 735895_735976
GAGACTCTTAATTCGCGTCGGGTCACTACGCCTTAATGAAAATCATGCCATCAAAGGAACGTTGCAGGAGTTGATAAATAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3764210_3764291
TTATCACCACGACCTGACCGGCAAACTTATCCGCAGCGAGGATGAGGGTCTGGTCACCCACTGGCACTATGACGAAGCAGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3375513_3375594
GCAACGCGCTTTTGACAAAAAAGATAAAAATATCAATCACGAACAGGCAGAGCAAAAAGCTCTCGATAATGTCCCGCCGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3810708_3810789
GGCATAATGTGCTGACCCATCTTGGACCGGAGCCGCTTAGCGACGATTTCAATGGTGAGTATCTGCATCAGAAGTGCGCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3908955_3909036
GGTTGGTCTGTTTGTTTACACCATTGTGGTGGCGCAGATGGAGCACTTCTCCGGCTGGGCGGGCGTGATTGCCCTGGCGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2893253_2893334
CGAAGGCGCAGCGTTGCTGTTCAGCGGCAGGATCTGTGATGACTTACCCGGCGGCGCATTTCTTTATACTAATCAACAAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2536772_2536853
GCGATATTGATAGCGGAATTTATGTCAAACCTGACCTTCCCGAAGCGTATCGACAATATTTACTGCCGCTGGCGCAGGGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2523318_2523399
GCTGGGTCTGGATGCCTTCGTGCTGTTTAAAAATCCACGCATGGCCATCTTTTTCCTCTTTGCCATGATGCTGGGTGCGGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2928834_2928915
AACCGGAAACGGTCTGTGGATGACCCTGTGGCTGGCAATTCCGGTAATGGTGTTCTCGTTCAACCACTCTCCGATCATCTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3178816_3178897
GCTGAAAGAAGCCGAAAAACGCAACCTGTCGCTGTTACAGGCACGCTTGAGCCAGGACCTGGCGCGCGAGCAAATTCGCCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1311409_1311490
GGAGCAGCCAAAACGCGATGTCAAACCCGTAGAGTCGCGTCCGGCATCACCGTTTGAAAATACGGCACCGGCACGCCTGAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3303912_3303993
GCGCCCGGTACCAGGCTATGGCGAGAAAATCCCCGTGTGGTTGTTAGGCTCCAGCCTTTACAGCGCGCAACTGGCGGCGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2461937_2462018
CTACCGCCAACGGTATTGACAGTAATACCAAAATCGCTCATCTGAACGGTAACCAGTGGGGCTTTGGCTGGAACGCCGGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2566143_2566224
TGACCCGGCGGATGGCAGAACTGATTGTCGAAGTGATTGACGGAACGCTCTCACCGCTCGCGCAGGCATTGATGCAAACCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 804594_804675
CTACGAAAACGTCATCGCGGCGGCGAATGCACTGCGCGGTCAATCCTGTGGCAATGACACCTTCTCGCTGGCAGTTTACCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3668450_3668531
GCAGAAAAACATCGATTGGTGTTGGTGGCGCAGTTGGGCCGATTAACGCGCCGACGGTATTTAACTCAGTATTTAACGTTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3153853_3153934
AACGGTGAAAGGCTGGCTGGCACAGCTTCCTGCTAAATATCACCAGCGCGCCACCTGCATGTTTGACCGCCACGGTCTGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1081731_1081812
CCGTTGCAAGGGAAGGGCTGGAGTCGGTCTTTTTCCTGCTGGCGGCATTTCAACAAGATGTCGGGATCTGGCCGCCGCTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3937719_3937800
GGAATCACCACTCGAAAGTGTGATGGCAGCGGCGAAAATCGCCCATCAAAATAAGACTATCGTTGCGCTTAACCCGGCTCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3058956_3059037
GCGCGGCGCTGACCCGTGAAAAAATCATTGCTTCGGTTGCAGAAAAATTTATCTGTATTGCAGACGCTTCCAAGCAGGTTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4533472_4533553
TGATGCACATCCTCGCTCCCCTGGCGGTCATACCGGAATACCAAGGGATGGGCGTGGGAGGACGGTTGATACGCACTGGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1226980_1227061
CATTATGTTCTATTCGTCATTAACCTCTTGAGCGACAGAGAGGAGTGGGGCATTAACGTTTATGACGGGGAGAGTCCCCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3399387_3399468
TGCTGCTGATTTGTGATGCGACCCACGCGCTGCCAATCCAGGTGCTGCGCAACGATATCCGCGTAATTGCAGCCGGTAACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2516698_2516779
TTTGCTGCCTGCGCATTGATAATCTTGAGTTTATGAGTCGTCATTACGGCTTAATGATGCGCGTTCACTGTATCCGCTCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3296065_3296146
TAACGGCGATTGCCAACGATCGCTTACATGATGAAGTGTATGCAAAACAGGTGCGGGCGCTGGGTCATGCGGGAGATGTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4341135_4341216
GCAGCAGGAATTAAACAGTCCGAACGAGCAAATTCGCCAGCTCGCCATTGATGAAATTGGCCTGATGCTCAAGCGATTTAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2974895_2974976
GGATCTTCGCTCATTTGCTGATGCCGCGTCTGGCACAGGTTAAACAGCAGCCGGAAGAAGAGGCGCTGATCCTTTTTACCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 46433_46514
CGAAGAGATGATGATCAAACTGTTTGGCGAACCGGTGGCTTTCGATGAAGAGCAGCCGCAGCAAACCCGTTTTCGCGATCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2899841_2899922
GGGATCCGATGATTGATGTGAACCTGACCGCCGCATTCGAGTTAAGCTATGAAGCTGCAAAAATTATGATCCCGCAGAAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1130494_1130575
ATGTGGTTGCCGCGATGCCCATTGCGCGGGGAGGAAAGCTGGAAGCTGGCAATGTCAAACTGAAACGCGGACGGCTGGATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 598051_598132
GGAGGCGGATATTCGCCGCCTGATCGCCACGCAAAAAATCCAGACTCGCTTTACGCTCAAAGCGCCCATTGATGGCGTGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2292646_2292727
GTCCGACCTGCCGTGCGGAACATCAATATCTGAATCAGCTTTCTGCGCAGGGCATCCGCGTGGTCGGCATGAACTATAAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3531538_3531619
GTCACTTCCCTGGACAGGGCCGTTGCGTTGCCTGATTAAAACCGCTTTGCTGGTTGCTCCGCTGTATGTGTTCGTCGCCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1947076_1947157
ACGCTGACTCAGCCCTGAAACTGGGCCAGGCGCGCGGCGTGGCGATTGTGGCGGCGGTGAATCAGGAGTTGCCAGTATTTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4317516_4317597
CGTCATCCCGCGTATCTCAGCACTGGAAGTGGTGATGCAGCCGCTGCTCGATACCGGCGTTCCGCGTGAAGCCTGCGCCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1410909_1410990
AGAGTAAACATCTTATTCGGGATTGCCGGATGCGACGCTGGCCGCGTCTTATCCGGCCTCCATAAGAGTAGCCCGATACGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4103120_4103201
TGGGCGATATTTTCCGCTGGGGAGAGGCATTAATTCAGGTCAGCCAGCCGCGCTCGCCTTGCTATAAACTCAATTACCATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 181557_181638
TCCAGACCGATGCAGCGATCAACCGTGGTAACTCCGGTGGTGCGCTGGTTAACCTGAACGGCGAACTGATCGGTATCAACA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1428197_1428278
CAGCTCTACCAAGAACAAAGAGCAGCAACGCGATCCGGAGATGCATCAGACCAAGAAAGGCAATCAGTGGCACTTTGGCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1973048_1973129
TACGAATTAAGTTCAGCCAGGTGGATGTGGACTATAACGACAACACGGTAGTTATCGTCCTGAATCTCGGACAGCGGGTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 747207_747288
GCTGGGCGATAACGCTGAAGCGGTTAACCAGCATATCGTCTGGTTCCCGCCAGTGAGCATTAATCTCCTGCTTACTATTTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1599374_1599455
CGACGTGCAGCTTGGTTGCCTTGGGTTAGGCGTTGTGCGTCCGGCACAAACCGCGGTTCTTGGCGGCACATTCTGGCAGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 911627_911708
GCGTACGCCGCAGGATGTTATTTTCGCCGATGAGTGGCGTAACTATCCGGTAACGCTGGTGGCAGAAAATAACGTTACCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4485156_4485237
TCGGTCAGGGTTCGCAAAACGAATCGCTGATGTCGGTGATTGAGTACAAAGGCAACGCGTCGGAAGATGCACGCCCAATCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 764575_764656
ATGCAAAATCGGTATCCAGCCTGGTCACATTCACAAACCGGGTAAAGTGGGTATCGTTTCCCGTTCCGGTACACTGACCTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2115160_2115241
CGGCAAAATCAACTGGGGCATCGGCATAGGCCTTGCGGGAAGCACTTATGATAACAACTACCCGGAAGACCAGGCAGTGAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1697617_1697698
ATGAACTGAATGTGTTTTCTTTTTTCCATCTGTCACAACTTGTTGCGCCAGAAATGGAAAAAAATGGCGGTGGCGTTATTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4592445_4592526
GATGCGTACCGTCGGTGATGTGCGCAACGGGGCCAATGCCATCTATAGCGGTGCCAGCGAAATCGCCACCGGCAATAACGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 155792_155873
CGTGTTCTGGTTTAACGTACTGGAAGTTCCACCAAAACCAGATGCAGAAAAGGTCGCGAATCAAAGCCTGCTGCAACTGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2736475_2736556
CATGCGTGGCCTGACCAATATGGCGCTGGATGACAGTGCGCTGCAAGGGTTCTTTGGCGTCGATCGTAGCGATCGCGATCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1329817_1329898
CGATAAAAACATTCCTTTAACTGTTACGGTAGACAAAGTCGCTGCCAGCGGCGGTTACATGATGGCCTGTGTGGCGGACAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 20023_20104
TTGCGCACGTATTCGGTGAACGCACTATGGCGACGCTGGGGCGTCTTATGAGCCTGCTGTCACCCTTTGACGTGGTGATAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3195997_3196078
CGGCTCTGTTAGTGACCCGTTCCGAACAGGGTATGTCGCTGCTGCAACCGGGTAAAGCGCCGCTGCATATGCCAACCCAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3533590_3533671
CCACCGACCCGAAACGTCGCCTGATTGGCGATGACGAACACGGCTGGGACGATGACGGCGTGTTTAACTTCGAAGGCGGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1561667_1561748
CGACATTGACATTGCCGATGCGCTGCCGGTGGATCAACTCAACGCCCTGAAGCAGGAAAATAAAGTCAATGTGGCAGAGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 351901_351982
TTCCCGCGCGGTACGTCTGGCACTGATGGCGAAAACGGGCGAAATGGGTTACCCGTCAGCCCTGACTGCGCCGGTGTGGGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3901373_3901454
AGGTCTGGAAAACTGGAAAGTCGGTCCGGGTAAAATTGATATCGCGCTGGTTCGCGAAGATGTCGATGATTACGATCGCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1875126_1875207
CTCAGCGTGCTGAGCCAATGACCCGCAGATTAATTCAGGTCCTGTTTGATGAACTCCCTCAGCAGCCACAACAACAGCTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3204963_3205044
CTGTCTTGGACACATCTGGCCCGTTTTCTTCGGATTTAAAGGAGGAAAAGGCGTTGCTACCGCTTTTGGTGCCATCGCACC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 609730_609811
CTGTGGGACTACGGCATTAGCCGTGGTATCTCGTCAACCGATTGGCATTGATATAGAAGAAATTTTTTCTGTACAAACCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1543327_1543408
ACCGCTACTGGCGATTGCCACGATCGCCGCATGGTCAGGGATGAATGATATCGCCAGTTCACGCGCCTCAATTGCCGACCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 61772_61853
GCGTATTTATCAGGAATTTGAAGGTGATAACGCCACCTGGTGGAACTTCGATCCGCGCGTTGAGTGGCTGATGGGCTACCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2862879_2862960
GTCAAGAGCTGGCTCGCTTACAGCAAGAGGGCTACCGCTACGCGGTGCTTGATGCGCTGACCGAACACCATCTGGAAATTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4127551_4127632
TCGCCGCGTTGAAGGCGGACTGAGTGTTGAACAACAGCAAAAACTGGCGCAAACGGCAAAACGTTATCTCGGTAAACCGTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2086344_2086425
CTTTACCGGCTTTGACGGCATCAGCAACCTGTCGGAAGAAACCAAAGATGCAGAGCGCGTGATCCCGCGTGCGATTTTCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4274354_4274435
AGGTTTATATCGAAGGTCAGCTGCGTACCCGTAAATGGACCGATCAATCCGGTCAGGATCGCTACACCACAGAAGTCGTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1362150_1362231
TAATCAGGACGACTTAATTGAGATGGGTAGTCAGGGTGTGTCAATGAAGCTGGTTCATAACGGTAACCCGAATCGCACGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2698193_2698274
ATGTTACCGCCTTTCCGCTGGTTCAGGAGCGATTAACCACCTACCTGTTAAGTTCCGATGCTGATATCTGGTTGATTACCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3266557_3266638
CGACGGTCGACTGGATTTTGCGATTGGTACGTTAAGTGCAGAAATGAAGCTTCAGGATTTACATGTTGAGCCGCTGTTCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2225298_2225379
TGATGGGGCGGGTCATCTGGTGGATGGCGCGTAATTATCCGCAGCGTCCGTCACTTGCGCACTGCATGGTCTTCGCGGGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 3780383_3780464
TGACACATCCGCAATGGGCGTGGGATGTGGGCCTGAACGGTCGTCCACATGATTTAGGTAATATCTCAGCTTATCTCGGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2334608_2334689
TAACACCTGAACAGCGTCAACTGGCGCAAAACTGGAATCAGGGGAACGGGAAAACCGGCCCCTATGTGACCGCGATTAATT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2795966_2796047
ATGAGTGGGAGGCAGACGTTCTCGCAAAAGCGCATCTGCTGAGTAAGCTTGAGGCCTGTGACGCCAGCGAGAAAATGCTTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 3226911_3226992
GAAATCGTTCGTTAAAGTGATCATCCTCGCCGGGATTTTTATCGGCGTACTGTATTCCGTCTCCTCGGTGCTGATTAACGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1274442_1274523
CGCAGGAACAACGGATGGCGCGCGGGTACGACCTGACAGCTCGGATGCGCATGCCGTTCTATCAACACCTCAATACCAGTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 907528_907609
GAGCGGTAAGCGCCGCTGGTTGATCCCCATCCCCCTCCCCACCCGCTGGATTTCGGTGTGGTTTCTCAATGTGATTACTTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 173484_173565
GCGTTTACGCGACAACGGATGCCCGATGCGACGCTGGCGCGTCTTATCGGGCCTACAAACGGCCCCGAATCGTAGGTCGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2042594_2042675
CACCTGCCTGGCAAATGAAAGCGGCTTCGCTAATGCACATCATGCTTTATATAACCTTCCTTGCACTTCCTCTGCTGGGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4333577_4333658
TCTGGTGAAGCCTTTTGCGCTGGAAGAGTTACATGCCCGTATCCGCGCCCTGCTACGACGCCATAATAATCAGGGCGAAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2986422_2986503
CCAGATATGGATATCGATTCCCGTGATGGTTTTCGCCTTTAGCCATACGCCCATTATTTCTACGTTTGCCATAGACAGACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4154232_4154313
ATAAAGGTCATATCTCTAACGCCATCCGTATTCAGGGCCAGTCGGGGCACTCCAGCGATCCAGCACGCGGAGTTAACGCTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3213928_3214009
GTGCAAAATGCCGAAGAAAAACTTCATTACCCTGTTTACCGGCAACGAAACCAGCGATACCTGGTTCAACGCGGCAATTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3074293_3074374
TTGACGTTGCGAAACTGACGGAAAATCTGCGCCAGGTCGTGGAAGGGGATTGTACGTGGCCGCAGTACGATCGACAAAAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2296654_2296735
GATGGCGCACTGGATGGTAACCGGTCTGCCGTTACTCATCCTTTCGCCACTGGTAGCAATGCTACTGGGAATGGATGTTTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1758184_1758265
TCAGCGTTCGCTGGAGCGTGGCATTAAATTACCGCCAGTCGTTCCTGCCGGACCAAATAACCCGCTAGGACGTTACGCACT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1220885_1220966
CAAGGAAAAACATTAACCGTAAAAGGTAATTATGTCGGTAATAATGGTCAGCTTAATATCCGCACCGTATTAGGTGATGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2223003_2223084
AAAAAATCAGCAGGTGTTTTATATCGGCACCAACCAGCCGGAAGTGCTGACCGAAATCCGCCGTCATATTCTGGCTAACTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4504627_4504708
AGAAAGTCAGGAGTGGATTGAAGATAAATATAAGGATAAATCAACATTTTTGTCTGTCTTCAGAAAACCACATCTTTCAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2610397_2610478
CGGACGTTGTGAAGAAGTGTGCCCGACCAGAGCCATCCAGCTTACCAATAACTTTGAACTGACCGTCACCAATAAAGCCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 361158_361239
TTCCTGCGCTTTGTTCATGCCGGATGCGGCTAATGTAGATCGCTGAACTTGTAGGCCTGATAAGCGCAGCGTATCAGGCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3983536_3983617
CGAATTCATCCAGTTTATTCCGGTGGTCGAGCGCCTGGCTGATGAAACAACTGCCCGCGATGGACTTAAGTTACATGCGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3930306_3930387
CCAGCAACTGGATAAATTACCGGATGCGCCTTATGTCTCGGATCGTCGCTGGAAAAAAGCGATCCGATTATTGCAGGCCAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 445945_446026
GCTGAAACTCAACTTTGGCATTATGTGTCTGCATATTTTGCTGATGTCGACGTTTGTTGCCCTGCCCGGACAACTGGCTGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1158546_1158627
CAACGCAGCAGGTCAGGTTTTCCACGGCGACATTCCGCGTTATATGGCGGGTGACCCGACTGCGGGTAAACTGTCTGGTGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2853720_2853801
ATATTCACTGGGGCGCACAGACGCTAACCGCAGGCGATGTATTGCTGGTGAGCGGTACACTCGGCGACCACGGGGCGACTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2676287_2676368
CGCACTGCCAGTGCCGATTGATGAAAACGAGGTGCTGGACTGGCTGGGCGGACAATTTCTCGGTGTGCCGGTATCCGCGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1998948_1999029
TCGCCCGTATGTCATTCCGGTTGGCGGTTCTAATGCTCTTGGCGCGCTAGGTTATGTGGAGAGTGCGCTGGAAATCGCGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 3224140_3224221
CGCATCCGAAGCCGCGCATCATCTGTGAATATGCTCATGCGATGGGGAACGGACCGGGCGGGCTGACGGAGTACCAGAACG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3480845_3480926
ACTGAAAGAGTGGCTGGACCGGGTATTAAGTCGTGGTTTTGCCAGCGGGCCGGGAGGAAACCAACTGGCGGGAAAGTACTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 355512_355593
GGCGCTGGTTGTGGGGTCATTTATCAGTGCGGGTACGCTCACCGCTGACTTTGTCCGGTTTGGTCGCAATGCCAAACTGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2105522_2105603
GGAGCATCGAGATGTTACGGATAAGCAACGAGGGGTCATATATGCTGGCAACCTTTCTAGGCATAAATGTTCTTTCATATA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2055749_2055830
CCCTTTCTTGTGCTGGCGGGAACTGGATCACCGCCGAAACCGAAGCGCCAGAAGAAGCCATTTCCGACCTTGCATGGAAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1538042_1538123
CTTCTGTTACCCACGAATTGAGTCCGGTCAACCGACCGTGTGCTCAGAAACCTGCGTGGGTCGCATCCGGTATCTGGGCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 557269_557350
GTGCCAGCGCGCGCCGCGTCTGCGTCCCTGCACCCCGCGCGGTATCGTCACGCTGCTTGAGCGTTACAACATTGATACCTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2586542_2586623
TGCAGATTGTTCGCGACAATGAAGCGGCTGAATATCTGGAGTTAAATGTCGGTGAAAACTGGCGGATTAGCGAAGGGCAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 90525_90606
AGAAGCCGATATCGCCTGGGTATTGAAAACCTATGGTGAAGAGCGTTTTGCCAAACGCATTGCCCGCGCCATTGTCGAGCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4072173_4072254
AGATGCGCAGCAACGTCTGGATATGGTGAAAGAGTTCAACGAACTGTGCCACTCACACGGTCTGGTAAGCATCATTGAGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3341720_3341801
AAGCCTGTCCGTTAGGGCTGGCACCGACCAGCAGCACCACCGCCACGCTGGTTATGGGCGATGCCCTCGCTGTCGCGCTGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 1779960_1780041
TTGGTGAAGGTTCCGGCGACCTTTATGCCCAGCAGGTTGGCTTGCTGGTCGGAGAAATTCTGCAACTTCCGGTGATTAATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3271158_3271239
GCCTCGATCCGCGCTTAAAAGATTGCGTCATTCGCGTCGCTTGTGATGTCACCAATCCGCTGGTGGGCGATAACGGCGCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1316780_1316861
CGGCGTCGATTCGGTGCTGGTTGCCGATGTGCCAGTTGAAGAGTCCGCGCCCTTCCGCCAGGCCGCGTTGCGTCATAATGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 661918_661999
GTAAACTCGGTGTGCGTGAACTGGTGACCTTGCTTGAGCAAACAGTGGTGAATACCCTGGCTGAACTGGGTATAGAAGCGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3131228_3131309
CGGTCTAAATAGGCTGATTCAAGGCATTTACGGGAGAAAAAATCGGCTCAAACATGAAGAAATGAAATGACTGAGTCAGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3382694_3382775
GCAGACCATTACCCAGGGGATTATTAGTGCCACGGGTCGAATCGGTCTGAACCCGACCGGGCGGCAAAACTTCCTCCAAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3524108_3524189
TTGGCGATGCATGGTGGCTGGCACAAGTGCCGGAAGTGAACTCGGCGCTGGTGTCGATCAATCCGCAAAACGGTGCCGTTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2833156_2833237
CGGCGTGGTATGGCGCGATAACCCGACGCAAATTGTCGAGCTGTACCTGAAATGGGCGGCTGATTATCAGGAAGACAGAAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 680898_680979
GCAAACAGGTATGGCGGAACTCATTCCTGTCGCTCAACAGTGGCAAACGGAAGAACCAGAAAGCGAAGATGCCCGGTATTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4584966_4585047
CGTTGACGAAGCGCATCGCGGCTATATTCTCGATAAAGAGCAGACCGAAGGCGAACTGCAGTTCCGCAGCCAGCTGGATTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1706018_1706099
CGTGCAGTTCACCGAGATGGTGGTGCGCAAAACCAGCCCGGTGCTTTACCGTCTGCTGGGGATTTTTTTGCCGCTTATCAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 513183_513264
TCCTTGCCTATGCGGGCTTTGGCATGATGGCGAACGCGGCGGATAAAGTGAAAGATCCGCAGGTCATTATGCCACGGGCGT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3770772_3770853
GCTGGTGAAAGGCTCGGTGGCGGAGCAGGCGCAGATCCAGAGCCAGCTCGACAGTATGGTTAACGGCGAGCAATCGCAGAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4183220_4183301
AGGTGGTATCCGTCGGTGCGTCCCTGATCCCGTTCCTGGAACACGATGACGCCAACCGTGCATTGATGGGTGCGAACATGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4219425_4219506
GTAAAACCACCGCTGAATTGTATATGGCTATCGGCTGCCAGAAGCACGCCAAAACCGAAAGCTACCGCGAATATCTCGTTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4535372_4535453
AATGTTGCTGTCTCACGCGCTAAAGATAGTTTTCTGGTATTTGGCGATATGGACCTTATCGAGATGCAGCCCGCATTTTCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1793794_1793875
TTAAAACTTACTGTACCACCACATGGGGGGTGACGTTCCCGATGTTCAGTAAGATTGAAGTTAATGGCGAAGGACGCCATC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3969515_3969596
AGCTTATTGCCGAAACCGCGCCTGACGCTAATAACCTGTTACGTCAGTATGTTGCTTTTGCCAGCCAGCGTGCAGCCAGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4624428_4624509
CGAACAAGGCGATCTTATCGCACGTTCTGGCGAAAGCGTCGAAGTGCGCGACCGGCTGGCGCTCGACGGTAAAAAAGCAGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 332876_332957
TTGTCATAATGACCCGCCAACTGATGAAACAGACTGCGGATATTCTGATGCCGGTAAAACATTTGCTGCCGGACAATTTCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2943900_2943981
AGCCGGGATGGTGGTGATGGTTGATGGTGCTCAGGGGGCAGTGCATTTCCCCGCGGATGTTCAGCAACTGGATATTGATTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2342254_2342335
CGACGTTGACACGCGTTCAGATGCGGCAGGCCACGGACGTGATATTGAAATGCGCGCCGACGGTGAAGTGGCAGTTGATGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 394778_394859
TTGTACGGGATATCATCTACCAGCCAAACAAACCATTACGCTTATTGAACAAAATCAACTCTGGCGAGACGCTTTTTACTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1199102_1199183
TTTACAAGGAAGCGAAGACTCACAAGTTGCTAGCGAGATATTTCTTTGTGCTATTGCTTGGATTCTTCATCATGAAATAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2322519_2322600
AAAAGGTGCATTTACTGGTGCACAAACCTTGCGTCAGGGATTATTTGAACGAGCCAACGAAGGTACTCTGCTCCTCGACGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3815408_3815489
CGTACTGCTTTAACCGCAAAGAAGCAAAAGACCACGGTGAAGGCGGCAATCTGGTTGGTAGCGCGTTACAAGGACGCGTAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 945205_945286
GGATAACGAAGATTTTGTAAAAGCTGTCAAAGCGACAGGTAAAAAACAGTTAATTATTGCCGGTGTGGTAACCGAAGTTTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 244671_244752
ATCACTGGAAACCGGCAACTTCCGCCCGGTAGGCGAAACCGACAGCGAAAAAGCCTTCTGCTGGCTCCTGCATAAATTAAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2934854_2934935
CGGTACAGACACCTTATATGATCATCGTGGCTATCGTGTTACTGGTCGCCCTGCTGATCATGCTGACGAAATTCCCGGCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 4276225_4276306
TGGGGAGTCTTGTTCTGCTATTACTCTGGCTACGTATTCGACAAAACTATTTATCTCCCAAACGTAAATTGCAACGCGCCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 2270223_2270304
ATCGTCTGGGCGGCAGCACTAAAAAAGGTATCGATTGTTCTGGTTTCGTACAGCGTACATTCCGTGAGCAATTTGGCTTAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2374286_2374367
AAATGCTGGCAGGCTGTACTCACGCTTCACTGGTGCCAACACAACTCTGGCGTTTGCTGGTTAACCGTAGTTCCGTTTCCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1037138_1037219
GGACAAACTGGAGGCTGGCTGCGCGCCGCTGGCGTTGTGGCAGGCGGCAACGCAAAATCTCTTGCCGACAGATTCGCTGTT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4069899_4069980
GCTCAACGCACACACGGGTCTTTCCGTTGAGATCGCAAGCCAGAATATCGGCACTGTCGCAGCGCCTTATGGCGTGGGTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3209997_3210078
AGTCTATCGATGATGCCGCCGGGGAAGCGTTTGATAAAACCGCGAAGCTGCTGGGGCTGGATTATCCTGGCGGGCCGTTAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3796419_3796500
GTTTGCCAAAAGTTTGGGCTATAGCAAACCGCAAACCCAGGGCGATTATGCTATCGCACAGCATTTTCTGACGAACCTGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 369404_369485
ACAATGTTGAATTGATTCGCCAGCGTGTCTACACCCACAACGCGCGACTGGCGCAACGTTTCCGTATTGATCGCGTACTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4517201_4517282
GCACCGTCCGGCTCTGGTACGGTGAAATCGCCATTACTACCGCGAAAGATGCCCTGCAACGCCCCTTCCGTGTCCTGACCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1951765_1951846
AATTTAATTATGGCGTGGAAGTCCGCCATCCACAGTTTTTCGCCAAAGGAGAAGAGGAACAAACGCTTAATCGCGGTTTAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 3809139_3809220
GGTGACCGTTACCGGTAGCCTGAAATTCGATATTTCTGTAACGCCGCAGTTGGCTGCTAAAGCCGTGACGCTGCGCCGCCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4272421_4272502
AAAAATCCTTAAAGAGATCGGCGATCGTCTGAAATTCCTCGTTAACGTCGGCCTGAATTACCTGACGCTTTCCCGCTCGGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1139160_1139241
TGATGGGACGGCAGGCAATATTGAGATCCCGGAGAAATTACTGAATACCGGGTCGCTGGGCGGCATTCTGACATTCCGTTC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 4244264_4244345
CAACTGGGGTGATGAAAAGCTAAGCCCCGGTTACACCGTGACCACCGGCTGGAAAAACTTTACCCGCGTCTTTACCGACGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1056736_1056817
TGCAATGGGCGCACGGTAAACCACTGAATGTGCTGTTGATGCCCGGACCCGATAACGCCGGGGGCAGTAAGGAGATGGTCG
>Escherichia coli K-12 881289_881370
CATTGCTGGGTAAAGCATTGATCCACGATGTGCCGGAAGAGTACGCCATTCATAAAGAGAAAGAGTTCACCTTCAACAAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2186290_2186371
ATGAGCATCATCATCACGATCACGAACATCACCACGACCATGGACATCATCACCATCACGAACATGGCGAGTATCAGGATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 994397_994478
GGTTTGGCATTGATGAATCCGCAAAAATCTTTCTGGTGGCGCTCGGTACGCTATTCCCCATTTATATCAACACCTGGCATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2123763_2123844
TGCCTGTGAAAAAGCGATGAGCGCCGTCGATCCGGATCTCAATTTTATTCGCGTGGATGAAGAAGCGTTTCTCGCCTGCCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3339621_3339702
ATAGTACGGTGATGATGAAGCTGGAGGCCGTGGGGCTGCGTGGAGCGGCTAAACTAATGCCTTCTGAACTTTCCGGTGGGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3181974_3182055
GATTAAGATGTATCCTGACGCTGATATCCCGATGGTGCAGTTGAGTATCGACAGTAGCAAACCTGCCGCCTGGCATTTCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2226405_2226486
GCGCCGCATCCGACATCCGGAGTACCATGCCTGATACGACGCTTGTGCGTCTTTTCATGCCGACCAAAATATTACCCAATG
>Escherichia coli K-12 1366836_1366917
TGATGCGCTGCGCTTATCAGGCCTGCAAACGACGTATTGATTATGTATGCCGAATAAAGCATTCACGCCGCATCCGGCAAG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 996425_996506
CACTGCGTCAGGCCGGACTTAAGTTTACCGATATCCAACCCACTTACCTGACGCCCGCTGATGCCCGCGCCGCGTTCCAGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4415048_4415129
AGATAAGCTGGGTAATCGCTCTAACGCCAGTTGCGAAGTGGAGTTTCAGGATGCCATTGGTTGGTTGTTGGGGCTGGAAGG
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 281367_281448
TACCGATGAACGGCGCGAGACCGTGCAGCAGCAGCTGGTCAGCGTGTTTGAGCGTTACGGCCTGCCGGACCGGATGACCAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 647031_647112
CCAACCGGTAACGCCAACAACCGTTTGTTCTACGGCGGCAAGTTTCTGCCGTGGCCTGACCGATCGCGAACTGCGTACCAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2415780_2415861
GCTTCAACCTGGAAGTTCCGGTTGACGATCACGAACGTATCGAGAAAGTTCAGGAATACGTTGCTAACTACATCAACGCTG
>Escherichia coli K-12 2604281_2604362
CGAACCAATGCTTATTCTCTCACTGCTGGTATTGGCGCTGATAGCAGGTTCCACGCATATCGAGATGATCAGCAATACGCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 2367516_2367597
AGCGCACCACTGGCAAAGCGATGGGTGATTACGGTTGTATGCTGCGCGCCTATCGCCGTCATATTGTCGATGCGATGTTGC
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3758900_3758981
GGGACGCGTTTCACTGCTGGAAGATAACCTTGCTGAACTGGTCTTCGACACCCCGTTATGGCTGGCAGATAACGACCGCCT
>Escherichia coli K-12 356773_356854
CTTCGCCCTGGCGCAAAAATACGACCGTCTCATCGACGTTCACTGTGATGAGATCGATGACGAGCAGTCGCGCTTTGTCGA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 2973226_2973307
AACTGGCGGCGGCGCGTCCGGGGCAGTCCTGGAATCTCATCAACATGACCCGCAGTTTCCTGAATGCCTGCACCTCGCTAT
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 1778806_1778887
CGCAAAGTAAAAATAGCCAAACATCTTCGTTATGGGATGCATTTGCCTATACGTTAGCCATTCTTTACTACGAAAATTTTA
>Escherichia coli K-12 1810467_1810548
CAACCTTTTACCTTAAGGTTCCGGAAGGCTGGTTCATTCCGGCTGATGCGCTACAAGGAATGGTGCTGGGTTATTTGAGCC
>Escherichia coli K-12 4237226_4237307
GGGCAGGCAAAAAATCAATCTTGATCCCGATATCGTCCGCGTTGCCGAACGCGGTAACCCGCCGTTGCAGGGCAACTACAC
>Escherichia coli K-12 1005234_1005315
TGATTTGTATGGAAAAAATCTATGCCTATGCGGGATATATCGCCATCAATATTTCATCGCCGAATACCCCAGGATTACGCA
>Escherichia coli K-12 reverse 3803558_3803639
ACTCAGTCATTCCCGCGCCCGAGGAAGGTGAAACGGCAACGTTTATTTATGTTGGGCGTATGAAATTTGAAGGCCAGAAAA
>Escherichia coli K-12 2611046_2611127
GCGGCGGTATTTTCCACGATCTCTACAGCGTCTGGGGCGGTAGCGACACCATTGTCCCCATTGATGTTTGGATCCCCGGCT